The Peruvian Metro 23 was apparently involved in an accident as the wreck was seen in a hangar at Lima Airport on September 6, 2005. The aircraft was last seen active in July 2003.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Blown over in hurricane.Ran into a bomb crater.Forced landing on Brazilian territory (Rió Puritú) near Brazil-Colombian border after engine failure. The airplane operated on a flight from Caucaya.Crashed into a wooded mountainside, killing all people aboard.Confirmed escaped to UK 4.9.39 & destroyed in France while in military use. Reportedly shot down near Paris 15th June 1940 after abandoned on Paris Airport with damaged engine and captured by Germans.Crashed on two engine takeoff. Co-pilot killed.Crashed on landing in snow storm.Crashed; date not known; to Dobrolet for spare parts Aug 1930.Destroyed on the ground at Toussus-le-Noble during a storm. This storm also killed Lucien Rougerie, one of Farman's employees who was said to be the first man to invent the flight simulator.Crashed.A Beech 1900D aircraft operated by North-Wright Airways, was conducting flight NWL125 from Norman Wells, Canada to Tulita, Canada. The flight crew was trying to initiate a right hand turn on the ramp after landing to park the aircraft and during the manoeuvre, they felt the aircraft started to slip on the slippery surface. The captain tried to do a recovery manoeuvre by applying differential power, reverse, and braking, however these manoeuvres were unsuccessful. The left wing came into contact with the airport building, sheering off the left winglet and wing tip down to the wing rib located below the wing fence. The aircraft continued past the building before coming to rest with the winglet and debris resting behind it. The 4 passengers and 2 crew members disembarked without any injury.A Shorts 330 cargo plane impacted wooded terrain during an attempted landing at Charleston-Yeager Airport, West Virginia, USA. Both crew members suffered fatal injuries.The pilot of a Cessna 208B Grand Caravan was killed when his aircraft crashed near Chignik in Alaska.The Junkers Ju-52/3mce named "Huanuni" crashed near Sorata.Crashed in bad weather. Flight: Paris-Lyon-Marseille.The Junkers Ju-52/3mge named "Ecuador" crashed on landing at Quito-Cotocollao Airport.Overturned whilst taxiing.On takeoff engine no. 2 failed at low altitude due to mishandling. "Ekster" dove into ground next to farm, struck a dyke and caught fire.The DC-2 Nakajima-assembled DC-2 "Fuji" crashed into the East China Sea off the Kerama Islands due to engine failure. Two survivors were rescued by steam ship "Miyake Maru".A Focke-Wulf Fw 200 airliner operated by Deutsche Lufthansa ditched in Cavite Bay off Manila, Philippines.The Super Electra ditched some 300 miles (480 km) north-west of Alexandria, Egypt. A ship rescued six survivors.A Junkers Ju-52/3m aircraft, named "Sanjurjo" and operated by Iberia, was shot down by British anti-aircraft fire from Gibraltar. The aircraft crashed into the sea 6 miles south of Europa Point. The three crew and seven passengers were killed.The Italian Junkers Ju-52/3mlu struck a hillside at about 1000 meters in bad weather during the final leg of the Rome-Munich-Berlin flight. The aircraft had taken off from Munich at 13:00 hours.Veered off the runway on takeoff and collided with Ju-52/3m T-168 (6354) . Both repaired. No casualties.The Handley Page HP.42W named "Horatius" was wrecked in a forced landing on Tiverton gulf course.Crashed. Four bailed out.An Ala Littoria trimotor aircraft is reported to have crashed near Olías in Spain. The flight was hampered by fog after takeoff from Sevilla, Spain. The crew descended to get below the clouds but the aircraft impacted a hill and burst into flames.An Ala Littoria trimotor aircraft is reported to have crashed near Olías in Spain. The flight was hampered by fog after takeoff from Sevilla, Spain. The crew descended to get below the clouds but the aircraft impacted a hill and burst into flames.Crashed after engine failure.The Sunderland force landed in the Isles of Scilly during a gale owing to a lack of fuel. It lost the port float. The crew were rescued by a nearby ship, during which the ship collided with the stricken Sunderland and sank it quickly. Crashed into sea due to handling error. Pilot Oblt. Günther (II./186) injured.The DC-2, named "Pengana", overrun into Cooks River on landing.Returning at night from Anti-Submarine Patrol, became lost, requested D/F bearings but by the time they found St. Ann's Lighthouse, fuel was exhausted and the aircraft crashed into sea. Landed downwind in bad weather, tore off both wingtip floats. During salvage the Sunderland capsized and beached.Crashed."Nanking" emergency landed on a river sandbar near Nanking after engine trouble. Pilot Hiram Broiles injured. Aircraft recovered and flown again. Ex Pan Am NC14297During a night stop in Mirabellou Gulf, Crete, Greece, the hydroplane sustained damage to the fuselage and engines due to a storm and rough seas."Szechwan" forced landed at Chengtu and burned outCrashed into trees in bad weather at night on wooded hillside 60 miles (97 km) from its destination Newark.The DC-2, named "Lijster", operated on a KLM passenger service from Croydon to Amsterdam. Visibility at the time of departure was limited due to fog. After running for 600 m along a white guidance line, the aircraft swerved left before becoming airborne at the edge of the airfield. The main undercarriage tore down a fence and wire netting surrounding a tennis court. The DC-2 continued for about 1,500ft (500m) before it struck the roof of one house, ploughed into another semi-detached house and burst into flames.The Ju-52, named "Rudolf Windisch", impacted a mountainside in the French Alps in high winds.The Junkers Ju-52/3m named "Marschall v. Bieberstein" crashed near Hannover, Germany.The only seven month old plane named "Hans Berr", crashed in the summit region of the Moritzberg (603m), a mountain close to the town of Lauf an der Pegnitz. The pilot of the plane lost the orientation due to heavy snow and low visibility during the approach to former Nürnberg airport Marienberg 15 km to the west. Four people out of 16 passengers and crew were killed in the accident.The Junkers Ju-52/3mge named "Heinrich Kroll" crashed into mountains en route and caught fire.Flew into the side of a mountain while on a on ferry flight.Destroyed in hangar fire.Engine fire, struck ship mast during attempt to land, then sunk. Only radio operator escaped.The de Havilland DH.86A Express, operating a mail flight to Germany, crashed shortly after takeoff. It turned through 180 degrees, lost height, and hit a tree.The Junkers Ju-52/3mfe named "Hermann Goering" crashed near Frankfurt.The Short S.17 Kent flying boat 'Scipio' sank after a heavy landing at sea in string downdraft conditions. Because of communications difficulties, the rescue ship was delayed. The airplane sank and two of the seven passengers died as they were trapped in the wreckage.Destroyed by fire.A de Havilland DH.86 Express mail plane crashed in Germany while en route from Hannover to Cologne. Final destination was London, U.K.Crashed.Caught fire during engine start and burned out. Twelve passengers evacuated to safety.Crashed due to technical failure.Crashed; crew bailed out.Shot down by Soviet Polikarpov I-15 fighter aircraft during Spanish Civil War (7.36-4.37). Six (of 20) Ju-52/3m of HISMA (Luftwaffe) were shot down during November 1936 among which two on November 4. Among those killed was pilot Arthur Bressler.Destroyed by fire.A regular passenger service between Bergen and Tromsø in Norway was started by Det Norske Luftfartselskap on 7 June 1936, using a float-equipped Junkers Ju-52/3m, named "Havørn". On 16 June 1936 at 06:30 the flight departed from the water aerodrome in Sandviken, Bergen. On board was a crew of four and three passengers and a load of 13 bags of 50 kilograms (110 lb) of post.A regular passenger service between Bergen and Tromsø in Norway was started by Det Norske Luftfartselskap on 7 June 1936, using a float-equipped Junkers Ju-52/3m, named "Havørn". On 16 June 1936 at 06:30 the flight departed from the water aerodrome in Sandviken, Bergen. On board was a crew of four and three passengers and a load of 13 bags of 50 kilograms (110 lb) of post.Crashed after mid-air collision with Ju-52/3m D-APUT.Crashed half a mile east of the airfield on approach to runway 27L during strong gusts with one engine out.The flying boat named "Ville de Nice" crashed into the Mediterranean Sea and sank. All occupants were rescued by a ship.The Douglas DC-2 named "Praha" forced landed in a field at Doornspijk on its first scheduled flight Prague-Amsterdam due to fuel exhaustion. The pilot (Karl Balik, 32) and the radio operator (W. Mika, 29) were injured. The mechanic (F. Strunk) and the nine passengers were not injured.A Junkers Ju-52/3m aircraft was en route from Lechfeld to Frankfurt in Germany when it became lost over Switzerland. It impacted a mountainside near Orvin.A Sikorsky S-42 flying boat was damaged in an accident at Port of Spain, Trinidad. The flight originated in Miami, FL and was bound for Buenos Aires, Argentina.Crashed into Chestnut Ridge three miles south-east of Fairchance en route Camden, NJ to Pittsburgh-Allegheny County Airport, PA in fog. Pilot Capt Otto Ferguson, co-pilot Harry C. Lewis, hostess Nelly H. Granger and eleven passengers on board. Only the hostess and one passenger (Mrs M.C. Ellenstein) survivedCrashed and burned during a forced landing at Nanking, China. The airplane was operating a cargo flight from Hankou (now Wuhan) to Shanghai.Crashed and burned in a mountain pass between the Iztaccíhuatl and Popocatépetl volcanos. Crashed.While flying the route from Chungking to Kweiyang this CNAC Tri-Motor crashed-landed in snow, sleet and fog in the mountain area 30 miles east of Yunnanfu. Amazingly there were no injuries although the Ford was demolished with two engines torn.The Junkers Ju-52/3mce named "Chorolque" crashed in the Tapacarí swamps, NE of Cochabamba.The Junkers Ju-52/3mce named "Chorolque" crashed in the Tapacarí swamps, NE of Cochabamba.The Ju-52/3m, floatplane crashed due to mechanical failure. All three crew members and 10 passengers killed.The DC-2 crashed into swampland near Goodwin, AR. The three crew (Capt Marshall, co-pilot Greenland, stewardess Casparini) and the 14 passengers died. The aircraft broke up in the accident. The Junkers F.24kay named "Düsseldorf" was damaged beyond repair in an accident near Glindow, Germany. Both pilots were killed.The Junkers F.24kay named "Düsseldorf" was damaged beyond repair in an accident near Glindow, Germany. Both pilots were killed.Not providedThe Sikorsky S-43B flying boat was operating on an international service from Miami, FL to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil with en route stops at Antilla, Port-au-Prince, San Pedro de Macorís, San Juan, Port of Spain, Georgetown, Paramaribo, Cayenne, Bélem, São Luís, Fortaleza, Natal, João Pessoa, Recife, Maceió, Aracaju, Salvador, Caravelas and Vitória.The Super Electra ( leased from British Airways) was flying from London to Zurich, with a stop at Basel, on Imperial Airways' Britain to Switzerland service. While cruising at 10,000 feet over France trouble with one of the Electra's engines was experienced and the aircraft was unable to maintain height. At 3,000 feet the engine caught fire and a wheels down forced landing was carried out in a field at Saint-Sauveur, Luxeuil-les-Bains. The undercarriage collapsed but the aircraft remained upright, and captain Ben Prowse and First-Officer A.C. Wincop were able to exit the cockpit, sustaining burns from nearby flames, and release the passenger door enabling the occupants to get out. The aircraft was consumed by fire.A Junkers Ju-52/3mte named "Hans Wende" crashed in the Llaberia mountains, Spain.The Junkers Ju-52/3mte named "Hans Loeb" was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident.Force landed on Kirby-in-Furness Moor because of bad weather en route from London to Belfast. One of the passengers was U.K Secretary of State for Air, Sir Kingsley Wood. He was on his way to the Short and Harland aircraft factory in Belfast for an inspection along with other officials.Fire started on the refuelling barge at Hythe and spread to the flying boat. One of the engineers from the barge was killed.Capsized by gust and sank in River Hooghly on landing.DC-2 "Nachtegaal" crashed on single engine training flight, hitting a Military Station near the airport, killing one and injuring five. The four crew members were not injured. The aircraft was rebuilt until it was destroyed in a German air raid at Schiphol 10.5.1940Dived into sea after takeoff, due to control problems.Taken out of service and dismantled at Alexandria after damaging a wing main spar.Destroyed in Japanese air raid; hit by a fire-bomb; aircraft named "Chung-Mei"; date also reported as 1938The aircraft hit the airport fence on take-off from Fukuoka Airport, Japan, crashed and caught fire. The pilot, the mechanic and four passengers suffered fatal injuries.Junkers Ju-52/3m named "Lanchow" was strafed by Japanese fighters on the ground. It caught fire and burned out.Water looped on landing.Crashed after encountering sudden icing conditions en route Dakar - Casablanca - Paris.Aircraft was late on schedule having had to overnight at Dar es Salaam or Mombassa. It crashed on second approach attempt, the flying boat porpoising just short of the landing jetty. Tom Webb, radio Officer aged 33 and George Knight flight clerk died in the accident and their graves are at the cemetery on the Ilha da Mocambique.This former KLM Fokker F.VIII named "Duif" was sold to the Venezuelan Government in March 1939. In April 1939, this airplane flew to the Gran Sabana, to try to find Capitan Cardona Puig who was being accosted by the Pemones indians in the area of Kamarata. The airplane landed at Kamarata with a tail wind and the pilot was unable to stop the plane in time. It ran into a ditch and the left engine caught fire. The crew were able to put the fire out but the plane had to be left behind.Crashed into mountain. The airplane operated on a flight from Barranquilla to El Tarra via Convención.Destroyed by fire.Damaged.The Junkers Ju-52/3mge named "Mola" crashed in the Sierra de Gredos.Engine cylinder blew out just after takeoff; lost control and crashed while trying to return to the airport. Three crew members (Capt Claude Seaton) and nine passengers were on board. The hostess Miss Louise Zarr and seven passengers died.Crashed in a field at Sint-Stevens-Woluwe and caught fire.Crashed in a field at Sint-Stevens-Woluwe and caught fire.Struck a submerged object while taxiing after alighting. Aircraft beached but damaged beyond repair by immersion and mishandling during salvage. Aircraft dismantled and shipped to England but not returned to service.The Ju-52 named "Chiao T'ung 1" crashed into mountain west of Guiyang (Guizhou) in bad weather.An RCAF Hawker Hurricane Mk.I (312) was taking off from RCAF Station Sea Island when it struck the floats equipped Tri-Motor. A fire erupted.The airplane operated on a flight from the Balearic Islands to Berlin via Genoa and Rome, flying home pilots of the Condor Legion who had fought in Spain.The Sikorsky S-42A "Dominican Clipper" originated in Miami, FL and was bound for Rio de Janeiro, Brazil with en route stops at Antilla, Port-au-Prince, San Pedro de Macorís, San Juan, Port of Spain, Paramaribo, Belem, Camacin, Recife, Salvadore and Victoria.The Potez 62, named "Courlis", hit a chimney in dense fog at Köln-Knapsack and crashed. The aircraft was on approach to Köln-Butzweilerhof Airfield, an intermediate stop a flight from Paris to Berlin.The Short S.23 Empire Flying Boat, named "Cavalier" took off at 10.38 a.m. About two hours later the captain decided to climb through a high cumulus cloud. While in clouds the engine power began to drop. He turned back towards Port Washington, hoping to regain a clear patch and thus cruise in more favourable conditions, but found that too much height had been lost to regain this patch and turned back on to his original course."Koranga" barely became airborne, lost altitude and crashed into a river.The Ford Tri-Motor, named "Leticia", disappeared on a photo flight.The Ju-52 floatplane, named "Marimbá", flew into a mountain in the Serra do Sambé, NE of Rio de Janeiro and caught fire. The five crew members and the five passengers were killed.Crashed after takeoff due to cockpit fire.Struck a hill on approach and crashed. Capt Egon Frei (pilot), a second crew member, Josie Brook (29, stewardess) and two passengers died. Four others were seriously injured. Eight passengers escaped unhurtDestroyed by fire.The Junkers Ju-52 named "Rudolf v. Thüna" flew into terrain near Kahlenberg hill and caught fire.A Douglas DC-3A passenger plane, operating as United Air Lines Trip 6, was involved in a ditching accident off Point Reyes, CA, USA. One pilot and one passenger were rescued. The other five occupants were killed.Crashed during sandstorm at night. The captain descended very low in the darkness and bad weather in order to fix his position by ground observation. The flying boat, named "Calpurnia", struck the water with the engines running at full power.The Ju-90 named "Preussen" hit a palm tree and crashed after failure of two engines on the same side during takeoff. The airplane was carrying out a tropical trial flight.The Ju-90 named "Preussen" hit a palm tree and crashed after failure of two engines on the same side during takeoff. The airplane was carrying out a tropical trial flight.Crashed.Crashed shortly after takeoff.Crashed.A Douglas DC-3 passenger plane, operated by KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, was destroyed when it struck terrain while on approach to Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), the Netherlands. There were five crew members and 14 passengers on board. Four crew members and two passengers died in the accident.Crashed.The aircraft stalled and crashed after takeoff. The aircraft caught fire killing all 12 passengers and one pilot. One person on the ground was also killed when the aircraft crashed.Crashed.En route from Adelaide to Melbourne, the DC-2 named "Kyeema" lost its visual bearings while trying to locate Essendon Airport. It was on the wrong heading and after entering cloud, impacted the top of Mount Dandenong, 50 km east of Melbourne and approximately 45 km south east of the airfield at Essendon. The four crew members (Capt A.C. Webb, First Off A.J. Steen, Hostess Elva Jones, Cadett Pilot Phillip Pring) and the 14 passengers died.The takeoff and climb from Montgomery Airport were normal until shortly after the gear was raised, when vibration set in from the right engine, of such intensity as to result in the engine being throttled.The floatplane "Ypiranga" crashed.The aircraft broke-up in mid-air over Soest. Four crew members (Capt Joseph Vanden Eynde, co-pilot André Edmond Moulin, radio operator Jozef Baus, mechanic Charles Deleusse) and 16 passengers died.Crashed on Piz Cengalo mountain (3,369 m) in the Bregaglia range. One postal bag found in the Cengalo glacier 1952.Broke up on landing at night during training.Destroyed by fire.Crashed on landing."Kweilin" attacked by Japanese Nakajima fighters while en route and after forced to land in the Pearl River, north of Macao, killing 13 passengers and the co-pilot. Capt Hugh Woods, the radio-operator and one passenger survived. The aircraft was salvaged, rebuilt and reflown as "39" until it was destroyed 29.10.1940.Crashed.Ground looped and caught fire while taxiing after landing.The Ju-52 floatplane named "Anhangá" crashed into Guanabara Bay during takeoff in reduced visibility conditions.Crashed into wooded mountain on approach to Strasbourg in poor weather conditions. Thirteen passengers and four crew were on board. The stewardess, Marie Krentnerová, was the only survivor. Unfortunately she died a day later in a hospital in Offenburg.Destroyed by fire on the ground.A Manfréd Weiss (WM) built Fokker F.VIIIb passenger plane crashed shortly after takeoff from Debrecen Airport (DEB), Hungary. All nine passengers and three crew members were killed.Martin flying boat "Hawaii Clipper" departed Alameda on a flight across the Pacific Ocean to Manila. Intermediate stops were made in Hawaii and Guam. Flew into a hillside.Plane on route Warsaw-Lviv-Czerniowce (Chernovtsy)-Bucharest-Thessaloniki crashed in poor weather (thunderstorm, rain, cloud at low attitude) at 5.38 p.m. local time on hill in the Negrileasa wood (SE of Stulpicani). Eyewitness said the aircraft spinned before crashed into wooden hill.Crashed attempting to land in strong cross winds.One engine failed shortly after takeoff from Morón Airport. The airplane crashed into the side of a hospital while the pilot attempted to return to the airport.Crashed at sea.Stalled on takeoff.Collided with another aircraft on landing, suffering Cat.5 damage. Pilot Fred C. Nelson.The Junkers Ju-52/3mge named "Misti" crashed near Chilligua, Peru.The Douglas DC-2, named "Santa Lucia", crashed in the Andes mountains. The wreckage was found in February 1941 by indians.United Air Lines Trip No.9 originated in Newark, NJ and was bound for Chicago, IL with an intermediate stop in Cleveland, OH.The Ju-52, named "Guaracy", crashed into water, killing the Brazilian Minister of Justice Mauricio Cardoso.Damaged beyond repairStruck Stroh Peak at 3,300 feet in Mint Canyon, 27 minutes after taking off from Burbank Airport for Las Vegas and on the way to Saint Paul. The brand new Lockheed was on its delivery flight from Burbank to its new owners, Northwest Airlines.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.A passenger plane operating as Ala Littoria flight 422 from Tirana, Albania, to Rome, Italy impacted a mountainside near Maranola, Italy. All nineteen on board were killed.On approach to Kingston, at an altitude of 1,600 feet, the flight crew of the S-43 switched the fuel selector when the left engine failed. Due to insufficient speed the aircraft stalled and crashed into the sea. The aircraft sank but all 18 on board were rescued.During a training flight the airplane descended when the student pilot executed a turn. The aircraft impacted the water at full power. There were no injuries but the aircraft was heavily damaged due to the salt water.Crashed. The Fokker plane was built under license by Manfréd Weiss (WM).Struck the Pic des Cinq-Croix mountain at an altitude of 2,100 m.Crashed into mountain in poor weather. The wreckage found on Buena Vista Crest, Yosemite Nat'l Park, June 12, 1938. The three crew and six passengers died.The Tupolev G-2 cargo plane departed Bukhta Tikhaya on a flight to Buhkta Teplits on Rudolph Island in the Franz-Joseph-Land Archipelago. At the destination airstrip the aircraft had to go around due to a layer of ground fog. Poor crew resource management resulted in the aircraft entering the fog layer. The aircraft descended until a ski of the left main landing gear hitCrashed and burst into flames shortly after takeoff from Calcutta/Dum Dum. Flight: Hanoi - Calcutta - Paris. Named "La Tapageuse".The Ju-52 named "Otto Parschau" crashed in fog while on a mail flight from Berlin to Paris via Köln. The aircraft had departed Köln at 03:51 hours.Crashed at sea in bad weather.The flying boat, named "Ville de Bone", struck the breakwater in fog and crashed. F-ANFB operated on a flight from Marseille to Ajaccio and Tunis.The Ju-90, named "Der Grosse Dessauer", broke up during over-speed flight tests. Capt. Karlheinz B. Kindermann (pilot) and Erich Gast (engineer) bailed out, engineer Hahnemann killed.Mid-air collision between Catalina's 0462 and 0463, over the Pacific Ocean 110 km W of San Diego and crashed into sea. The Catalina's were part of formation flying in darkness and that entered an area of heavy rain and poor visibility.Mid-air collision between Catalina's 0462 and 0463, 110 km W of San Diego as part of a formation flight in darkness and that had entered an area of heavy rain.A Sikorsky S-42B, named "Samoan Clipper" and registered NC16734, made the first air mail flight from New Zealand to Hawaii in January 1938.The Ju-52, named "Charles Haar", crashed in snowstorm on approach due to icing.The Ju-52, named "Charles Haar", crashed in snowstorm on approach due to icing.The flying boat, named "Cygnus", attempted to take off with the wrong flap settings. This caused the aircraft to started porpoising leading to loss control. The 1st Office showed great courage in saving 3 passengers from the aft cabin which had only about half a metre of air space left.Crashed during test flight.The Ju-52, named "Emil Schäfer", crashed into a hangar on takeoff in fog.Crashed into mountain in bad weather en route Thessaloniki to Sofia.Hit a factory chimney attempting to land in poor weather. Among the eight passengers and three crew (pilot Antoine Joseph F. Lambotte (37), mechanic and navigator) on board were the Grand Duke & Duchess of Hesse, members of the family and the famous glider pilot Arthur Martens (40). Route Frankfurt-Köln-Brussels-London.Crashed.The Douglas DC-3, named "Specht", crashed immediately after takeoff. Three crew members and one passenger died. The co-pilot and seven passengers survived.A Douglas DC-3A passenger plane, operating United Air Lines Trip 1, was destroyed when it crashed into slope of Haydens Peak, WY on the Humpy Ridge. All 19 on board were killed.Crashed. Wreckage found in the jungle October 3, 1937. Pilot Lynn Shepard.Crashed. Wreckage found in the jungle October 3, 1937. Pilot Lynn Shepard.Destroyed in hangar fire.Destroyed in hangar fire.Destroyed in hangar fire.Overturned in forced landing in the tundra due to bad weather. Was operating on a search flight for missing polar fliers. Dismantled for spares.Overturned in forced landing in the tundra due to bad weather. Was operating on a search flight for missing polar fliers. Dismantled for spares.Crashed after striking pylon on takeoff at night. Forced to ditch due to bad weather of Bias Bay (now called Daya Bay). High waves broke one wing off; the 8 surivors clung to the other wing until rescued by a British destroyer, HMS Thracian.Crashed after a passenger lit a cigarette in the toilet, were avgas fumes had accumulated. No survivors. The aircraft was on its way from Prague to Moscow with an intermediate stop at Cluj.The aircraft was flying from Rome, Italy to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia via Cairo, Wadi Halfa and Asmara. During the night time approach to Wadi Halfa for unknown reasons the crew carried out a missed approach. The aircraft then stalled and crashed short of the runway. All six passengers and three crew died in the crash.Crashed after engine failure.The Sikorsky S-43B flying boat was operating on an international service from Cristóbal, Canal Zone, to Guayaquil, Ecuador. En route stops were made at Cali, Colombia and Tumaco, Colombia.The SAA Ju-52 named "Earl of Caledon" crashed and burned after taking off from Rand Airport following loss of power in two engines. One female passenger later died from injuries.The SAA Ju-52 named "Earl of Caledon" crashed and burned after taking off from Rand Airport following loss of power in two engines. One female passenger later died from injuries.Capsized. The airplane operated the "Línea Experimental Puerto Montt-Magallanes"-service which flew between Puerto Montt and the southern part of Chile. The airplane was named "Chiloé".The HP.42E named "Hengist" was destroyed by fire in an airship hangar at Karachi.Crashed.Forced landing due to engine failure.Crashed.The DC-2 was destroyed in a bombing raid during the Spanish Civil War."Orion" damaged beyond repair. Reg canx 12.11.1940Fell through the ice.Crashed nose first in a small gully near Clifton, 7 miles (11 km) from Pittsburgh due to icing.Crashed nose first in a small gully near Clifton, 7 miles (11 km) from Pittsburgh due to icing.The flying boat flew into a mountainside during a heavy snow shower, sliding on the ground for ca 300 m before coming to a stop at the edge of a wood. Three of the crew were killed instantly, the only woman passenger and the cabin attendant died some hours later. The radio operator went for help. He is said to have been killed in an air crash 12 years later on a flight London to Malta.The DH.86 Express departed Croydon on a passenger and mail flight to Cologne, Germany. Departure was delayed from 19:00 hours to 21:30 because the pilot had to wait for the weather forecast.Crashed.Crashed into San Francisco Bay while on approach. The co-pilot dropped his microphone which jammed the controls, preventing the pilot from pulling out of the glide. Nine passengers and three crew died.The aircraft suddenly lost altitude while approaching Oran Airport at 2500 feet. The airplane impacted terrain, killing all 12 on board.Destroyed in hangar fire. Also destroyed was Hanford Airlines Lockheed Vega 5 (cn 053) NC624E.The Cessna 208B Grand Caravan impacted a hillside between Zipacón and Facatativá, Colombia. This is about 24 km northwest of the Bogotá Airport. All eight occupants died in the crash.An Antonov 26 aircraft, operated on behalf of the Cuban Armed Forces, reportedly impacted the Loma de la Pimienta mountain, north of San Cristobal in Cuba. All eight occupants sustained fatal injuries.Flight WE291 was preparing for departure when aconveyer belt vehicle hit the lower fuselage skin of the aircraft.Due to a strong crosswind, the aircraft veered off the runway and hit the railing on one side of the runway nose-first, damaging its nose, left engine and wing. Three passengers suffered from scratches.A Britten-Norman BN-2A-8 Islander, registration 8R-GAR, suffered a runway excursion accident during landing at Kopinang Airfield in Guyana. The right hand main landing gear broke off the nose landing gear was bent as the aircraft impacted an elevated part of the surrounding terrain.A Cessna 208 Caravan was destroyed after impacting a wooded mountain at an elevation of 7100 feet, some 13 km north of Oksibil, Papua, Indonesia.Jet2 flight	LS271, a Boeing 757-200, suffered a tail strike accident on landing at Alicante Airport in Spain.A Malaysia Airlines Boeing 737-800, operating flight MH2718, suffered a landing accident at Sibu Airport, Malaysia. All occupants evacuated. Malaysia Airlines confirmed there were no injuries.An Airbus 319-100 aircraft operated by Air Canada Jetz, was conducting flight AC7042 from Tampa International Airport, Florida, USA to Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As the aircraft was parked with engines off during the pre-departure set up, a motor coach collided with the aircraft and caused substantial damage to the port side of the fuselage and to the left outer flap track. A Let L-410UVP-E9 suffered a runway excursion after failing to lift off during an attempted takeoff from the airstrip at Yei, South Sudan. Some passengers sustained minor injuries.An Antonov 2T sustained substantial damage in an accident near La Paragua, Venezuela.Peruvian Airlines flight 112 from Lima-Jorge Chavez International departed at 16:03 (local time) on a short domestic flight to Jauja Francisco Carlé Airport in Peru. The aircraft encountered tire burst while landing and the right hand main landing gear retracted. The engine touched the runway surface and the aircraft became disabled on the runway.A Britten-Norman BN-2A-3 Islander aircraft was damaged beyond repair after impacting Vumba Mountain near Mutare, Zimbabwe. All six on board suffered fatal injuries.A Cessna 500, N8DX, collided with terrain in a residential neighborhood near Marietta, Georgia, USA. The private pilot, and soleA Swearingen SA226-TC, N158WA, was substantially damaged due to foreign object damage to the airplane's propeller andAn Antonov 26 passenger plane, operated by South Supreme Airlines, suffered a landing accident at Wau Airport, South Sudan. An ATR 72-500 operated by Pelita Air Service suffered two burst nose landing gear tyres on landing at Jakarta-Halim Perdana Kusuma Airport in Indonesia. A parked Bahamasair ATR 72-600 plane sustained substantial damage after being struck by a violent tornado at Nassau-Lynden Pindling International Airport, Bahamas. The left hand main landing gear collapsed. A Bombardier BD-700-1A10 aircraft operated by Jetport, was performing several touch and go's on runway 24 at Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. On the last landing, the right wing tip made contact with the runway at touchdown. The right hand aileron, winglet, slat tip, and outboard flap canoe were damaged during the accident. The wind at the time of the landing was reported to be 240° magnetic at 41 knots, gusting to 55 knots.A Bombardier BD-700-1A10 aircraft operated by Jetport, was performing several touch and go's on runway 24 at Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. On the last landing, the right wing tip made contact with the runway at touchdown. The right hand aileron, winglet, slat tip, and outboard flap canoe were damaged during the accident. The wind at the time of the landing was reported to be 240° magnetic at 41 knots, gusting to 55 knots.A Bombardier BD-700-1A10 aircraft operated by Jetport, was performing several touch and go's on runway 24 at Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. On the last landing, the right wing tip made contact with the runway at touchdown. The right hand aileron, winglet, slat tip, and outboard flap canoe were damaged during the accident. The wind at the time of the landing was reported to be 240° magnetic at 41 knots, gusting to 55 knots.A McDonnell Douglas MD-83, registration N786TW, suffered a runway excursion following an aborted takeoff from runway 23L at Detroit-Willow Run Airport, Michigan, USA. The aircraft had been chartered by the University of Michigan Basketball team for a flight to a game in Washington, DC.The aircraft was damaged by the tow-bar of a tug that jack-knifed. The nose landing gear and lower skin belly near the L1 door and no. 1 engine were damaged.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at La Carlota-Gen. Francisco de Miranda Air Base in Caracas, Venezuela.Flybe flight BE1284, a DHC-8-402Q, suffered a landing accident at Amsterdam-Schiphol International Airport, the Netherlands.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air, registered VH-ZCR, was destroyed after impacting terrain near Melbourne-Essendon Airport, Australia.An unidentified Beechcraft 200 Super King Air was destroyed on the ground by the National Bolivarian Armed Forces. The aircraft had landed in a remote area of Zulia State after violating Venezuelan airspace.A Cessna 208B Supervan 900 skydiving plane was damaged in a forced landing at Illertissen Airport, Germany.A Cessna 208B Supervan 900 skydiving plane was damaged in a forced landing at Illertissen Airport, Germany.A Boeing 737-400 cargo plane, operated by Aer Caribe, was damaged after suffering a runway excursion after landing on runway 21 at Leticia-Alfredo Vásquez Cobo Airport, Colombia. The four occupants were not injured.A Boeing 737-400 cargo plane, operated by Aer Caribe, was damaged after suffering a runway excursion after landing on runway 21 at Leticia-Alfredo Vásquez Cobo Airport, Colombia. The four occupants were not injured.A Boeing 737-400 cargo plane, operated by Aer Caribe, was damaged after suffering a runway excursion after landing on runway 21 at Leticia-Alfredo Vásquez Cobo Airport, Colombia. The four occupants were not injured.A Grumman G-73 Mallard amphibian was destroyed when it impacted the water of Swan River in Perth, Australia. Both occupants suffered fatal injuries.A Beechcraft 300, N385KA, was destroyed when it impacted terrain during takeoff from Tucson International Airport (TUS), Arizona, USA. The pilot and the passenger were fatally injured. A Beechcraft 99, N326CA, experienced a landing gear collapse while landing at the Billings Logan International Airport, Montana, USA. The commercial pilot, the sole occupant, was not injured; the airplane sustained substantial damage. The cargo transport flight departed from Glendive-Dawson Community Airport, Montana about 09:45 with a planned destination of Sidney-Richland Municipal Airport, Montana. A Cessna 525C Citation CJ4 corporate jet suffered an apparent runway excursion on landing at Howell-Livingston County Airport, Michigan, USA. The pilot survived the accident.A Boeing 747-412F cargo plane was destroyed after impacting terrain near Bishkek-Manas International Airport (FRU). All four crew members and 35 persons on the ground were killed.A Hawker 800XP, N910JD sustained substantial damage when the nose landing gear collapsed during a landing roll at Scottsdale Airport (SDL), Arizona. The two pilots were not injured. The airplane was registered to Zoom Aviation, LLC, and operated by Pinnacle Air Charter, LLC. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the flight, which operated on an instrument rules flight plan. The flight originated from Tucson International Airport, Arizona at 15:32.A Hawker 800XP, N910JD sustained substantial damage when the nose landing gear collapsed during a landing roll at Scottsdale Airport (SDL), Arizona. The two pilots were not injured. The airplane was registered to Zoom Aviation, LLC, and operated by Pinnacle Air Charter, LLC. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the flight, which operated on an instrument rules flight plan. The flight originated from Tucson International Airport, Arizona at 15:32.A Hawker 800XP, N910JD sustained substantial damage when the nose landing gear collapsed during a landing roll at Scottsdale Airport (SDL), Arizona. The two pilots were not injured. The airplane was registered to Zoom Aviation, LLC, and operated by Pinnacle Air Charter, LLC. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the flight, which operated on an instrument rules flight plan. The flight originated from Tucson International Airport, Arizona at 15:32.Local media in Tanzania report that an Air Excel aircraft was involved in an accident at Sasakwa Airstrip in Northern Tanzania. The aircraft reportedly caught fire. Some survivors sustained serious injuries and were evacuated by AMREF Flying Doctors.Local media in Tanzania report that an Air Excel aircraft was involved in an accident at Sasakwa Airstrip in Northern Tanzania. The aircraft reportedly caught fire. Some survivors sustained serious injuries and were evacuated by AMREF Flying Doctors.Crashed on takeoff.The aircraft crashed and burned.The Junkers G.31fi named "Rheinland" crashed at the Colbitz-Letzlinger Heide in a snow storm. Pilot Capt. Heinrich Doerr (41) killed.Crashed in fog while on a flight from Colfax, WA.The Junkers G.24, named "Prometheus", at Spaichingen, Germany.A Junkers G.31de, named "Deutschland", crashed and caught fire.A Junkers G.31de, named "Deutschland", crashed and caught fire.A Junkers G.31de, named "Deutschland", crashed and caught fire.Crashed on takeoff and was destroyed by fire.The former Tri-Motor prototype crashed on takeoff and caught fire.A Fokker F.VIII, H-NAEE, was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing at Nigtevecht, the Netherlands. All eleven on board survived the crash.Departed St. Inglevert, France and crashed 9 miles off Folkestone, Kent, UK into the English Channel.Destroyed in a precautionary landing in very rough weather near Abbeville.Crashed due engine failure/engine on fire. Three crew bailed out. Pilot James M. Gillespie.Crashed during a demonstration of a three-engined takeoff. One of the two port engines was stopped, but the other failed shortly after takeoff, causing a loss of control. The aircraft came down on a suburban house in Long Island and was totally destroyed in the crash and subsequent fire. The pilot and a passenger were injured.A Junkers G.24bi passenger plane, named "Oberschlesien", crashed into trees on a hill at Marden Park, Surrey and caught fire.A Junkers G.24bi passenger plane, named "Oberschlesien", crashed into trees on a hill at Marden Park, Surrey and caught fire.Damaged beyond repair.Forced landing on sea in poor weather with strong winds. Apparently sank during attempts to tow the "City of Rome" to the shore.Crashed after engine fire.Crashed in the Baltic Sea off Grömitz.The aircraft arrived late at Jask and attempted a night landing. The pilot misjudged the height of the aircraft and flared too early and stalled the aircraft. The aircraft's wing fuel tanks ruptured and the fuel was ignited by the emergency landing flares on the tips of the wings. The Ford 5-AT-B Tri-Motor, named "City of San Francisco", struck Mount Taylor during flight in a thunderstorm."Skane" damaged beyond repair in forced landing into woods after engine trouble.Crashed after triple engine failure on takeoff.The W.10 plane named "City of Ottawa" crash-landed into the sea of the English Channel following loss of engine power.The Farman Goliath named "Vendée" crashed at Keylands Sidings near Paddock Wood Railway Station and was destroyed by fire.A Ford 5-AT-B Tri-Motor passenger plane crashed following a mid-air collision with US Army Air Force Boeing PW-9D (28-37) pursuit fighter plane. The fighter plane entered an uncontrolled dive after the collision. The Tri-Motor broke up and crashed.Destroyed by fire.Crashed before delivery after wing struck ground on landing.The Junkers G.24, named "Juno", crashed at Epinais, France.Crashed after in-flight fire. The airplane carried 2500 pounds of mail.Crashed after in-flight fire. The airplane carried 2500 pounds of mail.Crashed.Crashed on landing.The Superwal flying boat went missing enroute between Barcelona, Spain and Marseille, France. Last radio contact was at 09:40 abeam Cap de Creus.Blown upside down by strong winds.A Junkers F.24 float plane, named "Potyguar" operated on a passenger flight from Porto Alegre to Rio de Janeiro.During the approach onto Paris the aircraft stalled and crash. The aircraft crashed in a area of Paris called Boulogne. Three of the 6 passengers and crew on board died in the crash.Landing accident; destroyed by fire.Crashed in the attempt to avoid a heavy thunderstorm. The aircraft hit the ground in poor visibility after a sharp left turn to avoid a 35 meters high chimney and caught fire. Pilot Josef Sedlár (32, 3000 hrs), mechanic Josef Trafina and eleven passengers were on board. One passenger (Professor Kraus) survived.Damaged beyond repair before delivery.Shortly after takeoff from Amsterdam (AMS) an elevator control cable failed. The pilot lost control and the airplane struck terrain. One crew member was killed.A fire erupted in the Universal Airlines hangar at Chicago Municipal Airport, IL (MDW). The fire spread to the Grey Goose Air Lines hangar. Both buildings were destroyed, along with some 27 aircraft inside.The flight took off from Boston Airport for New York. But the aircraft went nosed down and crashed into the sea. It came to rest in seven feet of water, some 60 yards from the breakwater.Crashed into a mountain.The Ford 5-AT-C Tri-Motor named "Salta" crashed. Parts were used to rebuild a damage Tri-Motor of LAN Chile (Nr .2).The Ford 4-AT-A Tri-Motor named "Rio de la Pata" was damaged beyond repair.The aircraft suffered structural failure of the starboard tailplane. The pilot attempted to make an emergency landing at the Pagehurst emergency landing ground the plane but stalled and crashed. Two passengers were killed, two passengers and two crew members were injured.Crashed on landing when undercarriage failedForced landing at sea due to engine failure and sank. Three survivors.Crashed.The Ford 5-AT-C Tri-Motor was destroyed by fire after it impacted the ground near Oceanside, California in poor weather conditions. The aircraft had departed Agua Caliente, Mexico at 17:30 hours. The flight ran into blinding rain from a sudden squall that had blown in from the Pacific. The aircraft suddenly lost altitude and the left wing tip touched the ground, throwing the plane on its nose.The experimental bomber version of the Ford 5-AT-D Tri-Motor crashed and burned when wings overloaded and sheared off during steep climbing turn after a high-speed run. Pilot Sherman Leroy Manning and mechanic L.H. Garriott killed.Crashed on landing in storm, injuring five.Shortly after takeoff one of the engines separated. The pilot attempted an emergency landing back at the airfield but missed the runway. The pilot then attempted to put the plane down on the bank of the Miami River. It struck soft sand and nosed over, killing all aboard.Left engine failed on takeoff; hit light tower in attempt to return to the airport; left wing cut off.An Armstrong Whitworth Argosy IA, named "City of Birmingham", crashed on takeoff from Aswan. The aircraft lost altitude during a left hand turn at a height of 18 meters and impacted the ground. "Norrland" damaged beyond repair in hangar fire during overhaul."Norrland" damaged beyond repair in hangar fire during overhaul.Crash landed after engine failure.Damaged beyond repair in a forced landing following fuel starvation.Argosy II "City of Edinburgh" crashed and burnt out during a training flight.A Junkers G.24ko, named "Düsseldorf", lost orientation in a snowstorm and crashed in wooded area near a road.Forced landed in a field about 45 miles east of Benares (Varanasi) after striking a vulture. Thus was the VIP aircraft of Prince George III Valentin Bibescu, President of the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI).The Ford 5-AT-C Tri-Motor named "San Cristobal" crashed on landing.After landing, the aircraft was immediately surrounded by armed revolutionary soldiers. They demanded to be flown to another destination but the pilot refused."Cruz del Sur" crashed shortly after delivery when carrying Bolivian Army supplies. The crew (Donald Duke, ex USAAC pilot) died."Cruz del Sur" crashed shortly after delivery when carrying Bolivian Army supplies. The crew (Donald Duke, ex USAAC pilot) died.Crashed in bad weather.A Swedish Junkers G.24 transport plane, named "Svealand", was destroyed in a forced landing at night near Tubbergen, the Netherlands. Pilot Karl Bernhard Liljeberg and radio operator Uttergard were killed."Oswald Boelke" collided in mid-air with Deutsche-Verkehrsflieger-Schule (DVS) Udet 12a Flamingo (cn 357) D-1296.The Ford 5-AT-C Tri-Motor passenger plane, named "San José", crashed on Mount El Plomo in the Chilean Andes during a severe snowstorm. The wreckage was buried in ice and snow and was not found until March, 1934.The Boeing 80 struck power lines during an attempted forced landing in a field. The airplane had encountered a squall line and electrical storm, forcing the pilot to land in a field.Crashed.Inadvertently shot down by French anti-aircraft fire.Inadvertently shot down by French anti-aircraft fire.The Ju-52 named "Kaleva" was shot down by two Soviet Tupolev SB-2 planes and crashed into sea offshore near the Keri (Kar) LighthouseChased by a Gloster Gladiator, shot down by Swedish anti aircraft fire after crossing the border. The Ju-52 from 1/KGzbV 106 was carrying paratroopers from 1/FJR1.Crashed prior to delivery to the US Navy.Shot down by a British fighter.Crashed into trees. The Ju-52 was on its way to Narvik with paratroopers and drop containers.Shot down by British Gloster Gladiator II. Paratroopers bailed outShot down by British Gloster Gladiator II. Some paratroopers bailed outShot down by British Gloster Gladiator II. Most of the paratroopers bailed out.Hit by anti-aircraft fire over Calais and part of the left wing was torn off. The pilot (Sgt Raymond Chartier) made a forced landing near Arques, killing the navigator (Capt John M.H. Hoare) and injuring two passengers. The two other crew members (Plt Off Benson Freeman, engineer Pier Vrebos) and the passengers were taken POW.On 23 May 1940, Armstrong Whitworth Ensign G-ADTA "Euryalus" crash-landed at RAF Lympne and was damaged. The aircraft was one of six that escaped after a Luftwaffe raid on Merville Airfield, France. The intended destination was Croydon. Approaching the English coast, first she lost her port inner engine and the pilot set course for RAF Hawkinge. A short time later her starboard inner engine also had to be shut down. The pilot changed course for Lympne. On landing, the starboard undercarriage was not fully down, causing the wing to scrape the ground and the aircraft to go through a fence as no braking was attempted. Euryalus was flown to RAF Hamble in June, but it was decided to cannibalise her to repair G-ADSU Euterpe which had been damaged in an accident at Bonnington on 15 December 1939. Euryalus was officially written off on 15 November 1941 and scrapped in September 1942.Reportedly damaged beyond repair at Merville during a German attack. The airplane was being transferred from Sabena to the Royal Air Force 24 Sqn.Aircraft was on an international scheduled flight when over France, it was fired by German fighter. Crew diverted to Merville-Calonne Airport but on final approach, aircraft stalled and crashed in flames in a field. Occupant fate unknown.Shot down by German ground fire.Didn't gain enough height on takeoff, crashed and destroyed by fireEmergency landed on ice after engine problems shortly after takeoff. Blown up by Germans after it sank through the ice.A ladder in the cargo compartment moved during takeoff and jammed the controls. There were no survivors amongst the passengers, most of them military personnel.The Boeing S.307B Stratoliner operated on a flight from Kansas City Municipal Airport, MO to Albuquerque Municipal Airport, NM. The aircraft took off at 14:43, climbing to the en route altitude of 16000 feet.  En route the flight had to navigate it's way around thunderstorms and at some point static prevented radio communications with ground stations at Amarillo and Albuquerque.Destroyed to avoid capture by German forcesLost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.Crashed due to structural failure.Damaged beyond repair.Flew into the south side of Mesa Mountain during a severe rainstorm.Crashed at sea near Playa de Pinedo. The flying boat operated on a flight from Barcelona to Genova.Reported damaged beyond repair.Destroyed in hangar fire.Destroyed by engine fire.Reported crashed.Crashed while probably attempting a forced landing in a field.Aircraft, named "City of Liverpool" crashed after in-flight fire. After the fire started, the pilot tried to make an emergency landing. As it descended from 2000ft, it was seen trailing smoke from the tail section, at about 200ft it broke in two and crashed. Crashed.Crash landed after in-flight fire.Crashed into Lake Managua from a height of 2000 feet.Crashed on takeoff.Crashed and burned.The German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II, started on May 10, 1940. Kampfgeschwader 4 (KG 4), a Luftwaffe bomber unit, carried out an attack on Amsterdam-Schiphol Municipal Airport (AMS), destroying several aircraft.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed.Lost during German invasion of the Netherlands during World War II. A total of 157 (from 430) Junkers Ju-52 aircraft were lost with about 900 crew + troops killed."Loch Invar" crashed 10 miles off course at Beinn Uird. Pilot Capt. Douglas S. King, co-pilot F/O D. E. Eveleigh and R/O J. W. Elliot died.The de Havilland DH.86B Express was converted for use as an ambulance aircraft and used by a special branch of Aero OY as OH-IPA. The airplane was to be ferried from Helsinki-Malmi Airport (HEM) to Jyväskylä/Tikkakoski for inclusion in bomber regiment LeR 4 with the Finnish Air Force.Emergency landing; navigation problem; short of fuel.Crash-landed on ice and sank.Dropping paratroopers over Dombås, Norway. Emergency landing on Lake Vänern, navigation problem and out of fuel.Emergency landing due to navigation problem and short of fuel.Crashed into cliff in bad weather.Mission: dropping paratroopers at Dombås railway junction, Norway. Forced landing, navigation problem and ran out of fuel.Force landed in a field after being hit by flak.Force landed in a field. Wreckage dumped in a riverForce landed on ice of a river out of fuel.Crashed after hit by ground fire. Attached to Luftwaffe 8. Staffel II/KGzbV 1.Destroyed in forced landing. Airplane attached to the Luftwaffe 6. Staffel II/KGzbV 1.Force landed at Lysegardsjordet after hit by Norwegian ground fire. One men was killed during a fight with Norwegian ForcesEleven Luftwaffe Ju-52/3mg4e with troops and supplies (crash-) landed on frozen lake Hartvikvatnet, 4,9 km W of Elvegardsmoen, about 20 km NNW of Narvik during the Narvik campaign. One plane (DB+RC/6631?) managed to take off again and landed in Sweden. Ten planes sank to the bottom May 1940 when ice melted. Five were salvaged during the 1983/86 period.Two Junkers Ju-52/3m floatplanes crashed into the sea. Seven crew of 5615 and 5711 POW, ten others MIA.Two Junkers Ju-52/3m floatplanes crashed into the sea. Seven crew of 5615 and 5711 POW, ten others MIA.The floatplane force landed after being attacked.Got lost in a snow storm and crash-landed on ice. Bombed by Norwegian Forces next morning.Got lost in a snow storm and force landed on ice. Bombed by Norwegian Forces next morning and burned.Sunderland L2167 of the RAF 210 Squadron, was shot down on a reconnaissance mission. Nine members of the crew were killed. A tenth crewman, Welshman Ogwyn George, survived a fall of 3,000 ft without a parachute.The Handley Page HP.42W named "Hanno" was blown over in a gale and damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair in ground loop on landing in stormCrashed hitting the Stromboli Volcano due to bad weather.The Handley Page HP.42W named "Heracles" was blown over in a gale and damaged beyond repair.Ditched into sea off Kavieng.Crashed in a forest near the San Martín Volcano, Los Tuxtlas, between Veracruz and Minatitlan in bad weather.The Handley Page HP.42E named "Hannibal" was lost without a trace over the Gulf of Oman with four crew and four passengers on board.The Handley Page HP.42E named "Hannibal" was lost without a trace over the Gulf of Oman with four crew and four passengers on board.Crashed.Crashed in flames, injuring the pilots.On December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy conducted a surprise military strike against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.On December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy conducted a surprise military strike against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.On December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy conducted a surprise military strike against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.On December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy conducted a surprise military strike against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.On December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy conducted a surprise military strike against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.On December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy conducted a surprise military strike against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.On December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy conducted a surprise military strike against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.Crashed.Crashed into the sea under unknown circumstances. Nine crew members died in the crash.Shot down; wreckage discovered 1999.Damaged beyond repair following undercarriage collapse.Damaged beyond repair following undercarriage collapse.Crashed on takeoff.The Lockheed 14-H2 Super Electra named "Zambeze" suffered a runway excursion on landing. The aircraft caught fire, destroying the forward fuselage.The Lockheed 14-H2 Super Electra named "Zambeze" suffered a runway excursion on landing. The aircraft caught fire, destroying the forward fuselage.The seaplane sustained substantial damage in a gale while moored at Invergordon RAF Station. The aircraft was subsequently scrapped.Hit swell during emergency landing flipped over and sank.The float-equipped "Sampo" made an emergency landing in the sea after all three engines quit due to problems with fuel quality. Two persons drowned while trying to swim to safety.The floatplane crashed at Busta, Risvik, 7 km W of Salsbruket.Lost control and crashed into a plowed field.Crashed in fog due to icing. Twelve passengers and three crew were on board. The pilot Clarence Bates was the only survivor.The Nakajima-built DC-2 force landed on the coast of Diaoyu Dao. The occupants were rescued the following day.The Nakajima-built DC-2 force landed on the coast of Diaoyu Dao. The occupants were rescued the following day.Lost height after takeoff, struck the water with a wingtip and crashed.Crashed on landing.Ran off runway into river on takeoff. There was a full load of sawn lumber on board. One of the engines had lost power on takeoff.While moored a depth charge accidentally dropped from wing. Sank and exploded.Crashed because the airplane was overloaded.The Junkers Ju-52/3m named "Otto v. Beaulieau-Marconay" crashed near Gabrene, Petrich, Bulgaria.The floatplane force landed into high ground shortly after takeoff due to overload. The pilot Fw. Werner Hoffmann was killed one year later in the Tangesdalkaret crash (13.11.1942).The Lisunov PS-84 was damaged beyond repair in takeoff accident at Vyazma-Dvoyevka. The flight crew attempted to take off at night from a short 700 m runway with an overloaded aircraft, exceeding the MTOW by 1114 kgs.Pan American World Airways Trip 203 originated at Miami, Florida, and was bound for Buenos Aires, Argentina, with numerous intermediate stops including thoseCrash landing in woods after engine failure.Crashed in the jungle after engine failure. Pilot Major William "Bill" Brooks.Lost during mail flight.The flying boat landed off the coast of Akranes because of bad weather at destination Reykjavik. During the night the mooring broke. The crew attempted to control the plane by using the engines. A small boat was sent to the plane with a towing rope. The engines were shut down again but the Catalina beached and the hull was heavily damaged. The flying boat was dismantled and written off.Collided with RAF Hawker Hurricane Z4257 while landing after ferry flight.The aircraft crashed into a pond after engine failure during takeoff.The Catalina sustained a twisted hull during the second touchdown following a bounced landing.The aircraft operated on a cargo flight from Taskhent to Ashkhabad at night in support of the Central Asian Military District. The flight crew was told that their destination airport would be lit. However,  this was not the case. The flight crew failed to locate the airport and flew to the north-west. Shortly after midnight the pilot attempted a forced landing at Kizyl-Arvat in the Krasnovodsk District of Turkmenistan, but the aircraft struck a hill at a height of 70 metres.Crashed due to fire in flight. The wreckage was found after two and a half days.Crashed into Serra da Cantareira on approach to São Paulo at night. Five of nine passengers and one of four crew members survived.Force landed.Force landed.Crashed.Crashed on delivery flight to Royal Air Force (RAF).Destroyed on ground by German fighters. Ex LOT SP-ASKDamaged beyond repair in landing accident.The plane crashed in adverse weather conditions. Seven crew members died in the crash, one survived.Shot down by flak from Italian submarine Delfino after dropping six depth charges. The submarine rescued four of the twelve crew.After takeoff, at about 300 ft. the crew decided to return for a precautionary landing because of problems with one of the engines. Turning back over the bank of river Tiber, the aircraft encountered strong turbulence at low altitude and went down. It struck the ground and crashed.Lost during ferrying.The Catalina plane was damaged during landing at Skerjafjördur. To prevent the aircraft from sinking the pilot stranded the aircraft at the beach. The aircraft was subsequently written off.Destroyed in enemy action.Flew into high ground at Savalkletten.Crashed into mountain in heavy fog. Uffz. Eugen Ruoff (23) survived.The aircraft had taken off about 14:15 for a local practice flight out of Rio de Janeiro. Instrument approaches and landings were to be practiced in Guanabara Bay.Sunderland P9603 departed RAF Mount Batten, at 21:00 hours to carry out a reconnaissance patrol. While attempting to alight after the completion of the patrol , the aircraft overshot the flare path and crashed on rocks off Popton Point, Milford Haven. The three Pilots of the aircraft were seriously injured, but the airmen members of the crew escaped with minor injuries and shock. Sqn Ldr Hick and FO Scutts died later of their injuries.Sunderland P9603 departed RAF Mount Batten, at 21:00 hours to carry out a reconnaissance patrol. While attempting to alight after the completion of the patrol , the aircraft overshot the flare path and crashed on rocks off Popton Point, Milford Haven. The three Pilots of the aircraft were seriously injured, but the airmen members of the crew escaped with minor injuries and shock. Sqn Ldr Hick and FO Scutts died later of their injuries.Descended very low over Lake Sig (Tver region) in order to evade the attack of two German fighters. A wing struck the water and the aircraft crashed into the lake. The wreck was found by divers around the millennium.Crashed on takeoff. Rebuilt in 1953 with Soviet-made components.Crashed.Crashed on landing.Damaged beyond repair following a forced landing when the instruments became unserviceable during a thunderstorm.Crashed on unauthorized demonstration flight. Pilot and seven passengers killed.Destroyed in air raid at Marsaxlokk, Malta, by Messerschmitt Bf 109's.Destroyed in air raid at Marsaxlokk, Malta, by Messerschmitt Bf 109's.The Sunderland operated on a U-Boat patrol flight out of Angle Bay near RAF Pembroke Docks.Set alight by a Luftwaffe Messerschmitt Bf.109 of 7./JG 26, believed to be flown by air ace Joachim Müncheberg. The flying boat sank."President Burgers" crashed on delivery.Crashed on takeoff in a snowstorm.The Sunderland was returning to Skerjafjörður, Iceland after a U-boat patrol flight. The weather was low ceiling, heavy rain and poor visibility. The crew failed to located the landing site and the flying boat impacted a hill, caught fire and was totally destroyed.Sunk by Luftwaffe Junkers Ju 87s.During the war against Yugoslavia the airplane, carrying paratroopers, crashed shortly after takeoff of a four ship formation. Ex HA-SMA Malert.Forced landing after engine failure. The brakes failed, causing the airplane to swing on landing. The left hand landing gear collapsed.Found crashed into mountain April 20, 1941.Crashed into ground.Crashed into ground.Crashed into mountain in poor visibility.Crashed on takeoff due to mechanical failure.The aircraft was caught by severe turbulence while flying at a height of some 200-250 metres. First the aircraft lost 70-90 meters altitude, forcing the pilot to initiate a climb to their initial altitude. The stalled while climbing and crashed.American Airlines Trip 20 departed Chicago Municipal Airport, IL on a flight to Washington, DC. The first intermediate stop was Cincinnati Municipal Airport, OH.Set on fire in air raid & sank.Crashed.The Junkers Ju-52/3mge, named "Guadalquivir" crashed at Palma de Mallorca, Spain.The Junkers Ju-52/3mge, named "Guadalquivir" crashed at Palma de Mallorca, Spain.Crashed into a hill in pine woods while trying to make an instrument landing approach in rain and fog due to altimeter misread. The aircraft found next day at 6:30 CT. Passenger Edward Vernon "Eddy" Rickenbacker (50) survived. Congressman William D. Byron (45) died.Sank in gale.Sunk by hurricane while at moorings on River Tagus.The Douglas DC-2, named "Kangting", crashed into a mountain during a thunderstorm. Pilot Joy Foon Thom, co-pilot Paul Chinn, radio operator C.N. Pau killed.Water looped on landing during training.Crashed.The DC-3B operated TWA Trip 6 from Los Angeles, California to New York and departed on January 22, 1941 at 13:10 PST. The fight was routed via Phoenix, Arizona; El Paso, Texas; Albuquerque, New Mexico and Amarillo, Texas to Kansas City, Missouri where it arrived at 02:08 on January 23. A crew change took place before the flight was to continue to New York via Saint Louis, Missouri; Indianapolis, Indiana; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.Crashed into trees during approach. Crashed into trees during approach. Crashed.The Junkers Ju-52 named "Kaszala Karoly" crashed.A Savoia-Marchetti SM-75 was crossing the Atlantic Ocean between Natal, Brazil and Ilha do Sal, Cape Verde, when the no. 2, centre engine lost power.Some thirty minutes after takeoff the airplane was forced to return to Catania with the right engine on fire. On landing it struck two Luftwaffe Ju 88 aircraft, causing substantial damage. Passengers and crew had the time to escape before the fire destroyed the aircraftCrashed.The US Navy R2D-1 transport plane impacted Mother Grundy Peak, a 3068 feet mountain, about 20 feet below the summit, killing all aboard. Visibility was poor at the time of the accident.Destroyed in hangar fire. Also destroyed was Western Air Express Boeing 247D (cn 1721) NC13339.Force landed on a snow covered field in bad weather. Wreck found again 2002Shot down.Shot down.Water looped and sank.The aircraft impacted the side of a hill.Water looped and sank.Forced landing due to mechanical failure.Crashed and burned on takeoff.Hit mountain in heavy fog during a flight to Pechenga, Murmansk Region, Russia.Stalled and crashed. At least one occupant was killed.The DH.86 Express A31-3 was destroyed at RAF Heliopolis, Cairo Egypt. The aircraft was parked in a dispersal site beside the runway when it was hit by an RAF Beaufighter which had lost an engine on takeoff and swung off the runway. Both aircraft were destroyed in the ensuing fire.The DH.86 Express A31-3 was destroyed at RAF Heliopolis, Cairo Egypt. The aircraft was parked in a dispersal site beside the runway when it was hit by an RAF Beaufighter which had lost an engine on takeoff and swung off the runway. Both aircraft were destroyed in the ensuing fire.The flying boat was damaged beyond repair in a hard, full stall landing. The aircraft was loaded to about 30,000 lb. Several hull rivets were sheared off and the aircraft began taking water. It was brought to the beach were it struck rocks, puncturing the fuselage.Crashed on takeoff (Cat.5). At least one occupant was killed.Forced landing following no. 1 engine failure. Wing hit tree. Pilot Ben Gregory seriously injured. On delivery to Star Airlines.Hit side of mountain in bad weather and burned.Hit side of mountain in bad weather and burned.PBY-5A BuNo 2487 was returning from a routine patrol duty out of Kaneohe NAS, HI. The pilot descended down to the Southeast of Oahu, HI, in darkness and squally weather under instrument conditions, turned northwest and approached Makapu'u light in the belief that it was Barber's Point Light. He then apparently attempted to circle what he erroneously thought was Barber's Point Light at low altitude, and crashed into the hillside in normal flight about 200 yards south of Makapu'u light. Two engines cut on takeoff. The undercarriage collapsed on touchdown.The transport aircraft, impressed into Royal Air Force Service from BOAC on 1.9.40, was operated by the 271 Squadron. Ditched into sea north of Taiwan due to bad weather.Shot down near the island of Sicily, Italy.Water looped on landing and sank.Crash-landed on trees following fuel exhaustion en route Brisbane-Bachelor.The flying boat hit debris while landing and sunk about two nautical miles from Doctors Gully.The landing gear broke during takeoff. The fuel tank subsequently ruptured and a fire erupted.The aircraft went missing on a flight from Monino to an area behind the German lines during World War II.The aircraft went missing on a flight from Monino to an area behind the German lines during World War II.The aircraft went missing on a flight from Monino to an area behind the German lines during World War II.Destroyed in Japanese strafing attackDestroyed by fire.Water looped on takeoff.Blown over by strong winds.The C-39 transport plane ran into a squall near Port Sewall, FL. One of the wings broke off and the airplane crashed in flames into St. Lucie River.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Three Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero aircraft returning to base after attacking Broome fired at the aircraft which force landed at Carnot Bay, 90 km N of Broome. Three passengers and one crew member (J.F.M. Blaauw, mechanic) died during a following strafing.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Destroyed by enemy action on the ground at Broome. The attack was carried out by nine Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter aircraft.Crashed on landing. None of the fourteen passengers and three crew were injured. Date also reported as February 2, 1942.The aircraft, named Circe, was engaged in the evacuation of civilians and military personnel from Tjilatjap (now Cilacap), Netherlands East Indies (now Indonesia), to Broome, Australia. It was shot down by a Japanese bomber which was on a maritime patrol from Denpasar, Bali.The Junkers Ju-52/3mge named "Maua" crashed into River Guaíba after takeoff from Porto Alegre/São João, RS, killing pilot Harald Stunde, flight-engineer Bruno and four others.Crash during alighting after test flight on completion fifty hourly inspection.Disappeared en route from La Ceiba to Tegucigalpa. Remains found March 1999 La Másica pass, 16 nm SW of La Ceiba.Force landed into jungle due to fuel exhaustion 30 km SSW of Palembang. The four crew were killed by natives or died during other occurrences.The pilot overshot Broome Airport at night and flew on for another 400 miles. It subsequently made a wheels up landing in an open space near Varsittart Bay, about six miles south-west of Truscott. All survived. The crash site is still accessible.The pilot overshot Broome Airport at night and flew on for another 400 miles. It subsequently made a wheels up landing in an open space near Varsittart Bay, about six miles south-west of Truscott. All survived. The crash site is still accessible.Missing in action.Crashed on landing.Flew into water during low-altitude turn.Destroyed in hangar fire. May 1942 has also been reported as the date of the loss.A de Havilland DH.86 Express passenger plane crashed on the slope of Mount Petrie, killing all nine aboard. The flight had taken off from Brisbane-Archerfield Airport, QLD on a flight to Mount Isa.The airplane was struck by a DC-3 that suffered a runway excursion accident.Attacked by enemy fighters.Attacked by enemy fighters.Destroyed in air raid.Destroyed in air raid.Engine fire. Damaged beyond repair.Hit trees doing takeoff during storm.Hit Elk Horn Mountain during patrol in fog.Force landed and ran aground on coral.Lost in action.Crashed into mangrove swamps in bad weather after takeoff for Wau to uplift evacuees.Crashed into mangrove swamps in bad weather after takeoff for Wau to uplift evacuees.The plane crashed under unknown circumstances. The entire crew perished in the crash.The C-53 transport plane of the 21st Troop Carrier Squadron was returning from Java, Indonesia and found that Darwin, Australia was closed in. It turned back to Bathurst Island, 60 miles north of Darwin, where it landed on an emergency airfield for light aircraft. While landing in a crosswind, the plane damaged its left wing tip and aileron, and before repairs could be carried out, a Japanese Mitsubishi A6M Zero destroyed the aircraft on the ground on 19 February 1942.The aircraft on floats caught fire in flight and crashed.Damaged beyond repair during Japanese air raid.Shot down by Japanese submarine and crashed on an island off Australian coast.The aircraft, named Corio, was operating extra service XWS160 to evacuate civilians from Java. It was shot down by Japanese fighters off the southern coast of Timor. Five of those aboard, including captain A.A. Koch and First Officer V. Lyne, survived the crash, swam to shore and were eventually rescued.Missing during extended flight from Canton Island to Pearl Harbor.Water looped while landing.Shot down over the Sumba Strait, en route Surabaya-Kupang. All four crew members survived.Attacked by Japanese military aircraft. Damaged beyond repair in forced landing.Attacked by Japanese military aircraft. Damaged beyond repair in forced landing.An Avro 642 Eighteen, VH-UXD, was destroyed on the ground at Salamaua, Papua New Guinea, during a strafing attack by Japanese aircraft during the first Japanese attack against New Guinea.Shot down by Japanese carrier.Shot down.The Junkers G.31 named "Bulolo I Paul" was destroyed during a Japanese air raid."Pat" destroyed during Japanese air raidThe Junkers G.31 named "Bulolo II Peter" was destroyed during a Japanese air raid.Destroyed in Japanese attack.The crew of the Catalina had been briefed to carry out a sortie over the coast of Norway in order to locate the Kriegsmarine battleship "Tirpitz", and to bomb the ship. The pilot became disoriented and the plane crashed, killing 7 crew members while three survived.The DC-3 collided with an almost vertical rock cliff, near the top of Potosi Mountain in the Spring Mountain Range. The point of impact was at an elevation of approximately 7,770 feet above sea level, about 80 feet below the top of the cliff, and abut 730 feet below the crest of the mountain, which has an elevation of about 8,500 feet above sea level.Sank during a gale.Three RAAF Catalina flying boats were preparing for takeoff from Kavieng Harbour with a full fuel load and with a 4000 lb bomb load.A violent storm near Reykjavík caused five aircraft to be torn from their moorings at Fossvogur. The three Catalina's and two Martin Mariner flying boats sank.A violent storm near Reykjavík caused five aircraft to be torn from their moorings at Fossvogur. The three Catalina's and two Martin Mariner flying boats sank.A violent storm near Reykjavík caused five aircraft to be torn from their moorings at Fossvogur. The three Catalina's and two Martin Mariner flying boats sank.The aircraft operated on a flight from Morozovski to a site behind the German lines at night. On the return leg a fire broke out in the cabin and spread rapidly. All five crew members bailed out at a height of some 350 metres. One of them was killed and another one seriously injured. The sole passenger, an Air Force officer, did not manage to bail out and was killed.While being based at Palmyra Island, the PBY-5 struck a coral reef resulting in extensive damage to underside of hull and the keel. Temporary repairs were effected and on 11 January 1942 the aircraft took off to return to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Missing following a raid on the Japanese fleet at Kema. The Catalina was part of the three ship formation. The other two, Y-59 and Y-60 returned safely.Sank after hard landing.Struck trees during a forced landing. The engines had lost power because the carburetor had become clogged with ice as the plane flew through a snow storm.Destroyed by fire after landing.A Douglas DC-2 operated by KLM Royal Dutch Airlines was destroyed in an accident near Rutbah Wells, Iraq. All seven on board were killed.Crashed into mountain in heavy rain.Crashed on delivery flight from England, owing to in-flight loss of control.Crashed while attempting to carry out an emergency landing.Destroyed by fire on groundGroundlooped and the undercarriage collapsed. The airplane was carrying a heavy load of tractor parts when it landed in crosswind conditions.A de Havilland DH.86 Express passenger plane, named "Miss Hobart" disappeared over Bass Strait during a flight from Launceston, Tasmania, to Melbourne.Crashed shortly after takeoff. The Inspector of Accidents concluded that the probable cause was a fracture of a main bolt that secured the bracing wires of the front spar to the tailplane. The failure of the bolt would cause a loss of control, failure of the bolt was probably fatigue.Damaged in an accident.Crashed.Crashed after only three months in service, due to a broken wing in heavy turbulence. The airplane operated on the flight Zürich-Stuttgart-Leipzig-Berlin.Damaged beyond economical repair in accident. Registration cancelled.Blown over by strong winds.A Ford 5-AT-C Tri-Motor passenger plane, named "San Pedro", crashed into Laguna Mar Chiquita during a heavy rainstorm.Takeoff accident due to engine failure.Crashed into Last Chance Hill in the Catskill Mountains at an altitude of 2,000 feet in fog and thunderstorms.Crashed on takeoff due to engine failure.The Junkers F.24 named "Rotterdam" crashed near Gliwice, Poland.Plane named "Emeraude" crashed due to snowstorm. Probable cause was icing.The aircraft ran out of fuel within sight of Alexandria landing flares. Three crew and nine passengers went down with the craft when she sank in the River Nile.A Potez 62 passenger plane was damaged beyond repair in an accident near Auxerre, France. The airplane, named "Cormoran", operated on a flight from Marseille to Paris via Lyon. En route near Morvan one of the engines lost power. It was snowing at the time and several minutes later the second engine lost power. The pilot carried out a forced landing. The airplane crash-landed and caught fire. All aboard escaped alive.Crashed in bad weather. Four crew (Pilot Capt Graf Jean Joseph H.G. Schoonbroodt (33), radio operator Jean Desmet, mechanic Alphonse Verbinnen, steward Raymond Strechfuss) and seven passengers.The float plane "Riachuelo" reportedly crashed. Registration has also been quoted as PP-BAS.Crashed into a swamp at Lake Salisbury (now Lake Bisina).The Imperial Airways flying boat named "Sylvanus" caught fire while refuelling in Brindisi Harbour. The only occupants of the plane were the refuelling crew, who managed to jump clear and escaped injury.Crashed and burned injuring seven persons.Crashed.Destroyed during Japanese bombing raid.The DH.86 made a forced landing owing to ice accretion. There were no personal injuries, but the aircraft was seriously damaged.A Curtiss Condor 18 was destroyed when it crashed near Troy, NY. The captain was killed.A Ford 5-AT-D Tri-Motor, named "San Felipe", crashed into house at Limatambo on approach.Crashed into lake. The crew survived the crash, but drowned on the attempt to swim to safety.Crashed into the sea during a flight from Melbourne to Launceston, Tasmania via Flinders Island.Crashed.Overshot on landing in fog.The DC-2, named "Gaai" operated on a passenger service from Milan, Italy to Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The aircraft took off at 11:36 hours, bound for Frankfurt, Germany, which was the next planned stop.The DC-2 named "Maraboe" suffered a takeoff accident when the starboard main gear broke due to runway unevenness. The four crew and eight passengers escaped unhurt. The aircraft caught fire and burned out.The four-engined airliner named "Kwikstaart" took off from Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport at 09:37 on an international flight to Malmö, Sweden with planned en route stops at Hamburg and Copenhagen. Engines no. 1 and 2 began losing power, forcing the pilot to return to the airport.Two Ford 5-AT Tri-Motor passenger planes were destroyed in a collision at Medellín-Enrique Olaya Herrera Airport (EOH), Colombia. Seventeen occupants were killed.Damaged beyond repair on landing at night. The flying boat operated on a flight from Rome to Tripoli, Libya with an en route stop at Malta.A Ford 4-AT-E Tri-Motor, NC7864, crash-landed at Flint-Bishop Airport, MI (FNT), killing one passenger and a pilot. The other pilot and eight passengers survived the accident.A Ford 4-AT-E Tri-Motor, NC7864, crash-landed at Flint-Bishop Airport, MI (FNT), killing one passenger and a pilot. The other pilot and eight passengers survived the accident.The giant ANT-20 plane took off for a demonstration flight over Moscow along with some smaller planes. As a result of a poorly executed loop maneuver around the plane performed by an accompanying Polikarpov I-5 fighter, both planes collided and the Maxim Gorky crashed into a low-rise residential neighborhood. The fighter pilot was killed, along with the two flight crew members and 33 passengers on the ANT-20.TWA flight 6 was a scheduled service from Los Angeles, CA to Newark, NJ with en route stops at Albuquerque, NM; Amarillo, TX, Kansas City, MO; Columbus, NC and Pittsburgh, PA.A Transcontinental and Western Air (TWA) DC-2 crashed near Atlanta, MO, killing five of the eight persons aboard. Senator Bronson M. Cutting (R-N.Mex.) was among the fatalities. A Bureau of Air Commerce report cited the accident’s causes as the U.S. Weather Bureau’s failure to predict hazardous weather and misjudgements by the pilot and TWA ground personnel. In June 1936, however, a committee chaired by Sen. Royal S. Copeland (D-N.Y.) issued a report alleging that the tragedy was caused by malfunctioning navigational aides and voicing other criticisms of the Bureau of Air Commerce. The controversy gave impetus to legislative efforts that eventuated in the Civil Aeronautics Act of 1938 which included establishing an independent Air Safety Board.A Transcontinental and Western Air (TWA) DC-2 crashed near Atlanta, MO, killing five of the eight persons aboard. Senator Bronson M. Cutting (R-N.Mex.) was among the fatalities. A Bureau of Air Commerce report cited the accident’s causes as the U.S. Weather Bureau’s failure to predict hazardous weather and misjudgements by the pilot and TWA ground personnel. In June 1936, however, a committee chaired by Sen. Royal S. Copeland (D-N.Y.) issued a report alleging that the tragedy was caused by malfunctioning navigational aides and voicing other criticisms of the Bureau of Air Commerce. The controversy gave impetus to legislative efforts that eventuated in the Civil Aeronautics Act of 1938 which included establishing an independent Air Safety Board.Crashed.Destroyed in hangar fire.The Junkers Ju-52/3m named "E. Schäfer" crashed into a mountain under adverse weather conditions.Flew into hill in rain and fog.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.Destroyed by arson.The Li-2 was damaged beyond repair when it made a forced landing in the tundra between the lakes Yarato-1 and Yarato-2 on the Yamal peninsula. Accident happened before 31 May 1957 when it was struck off charge.Damaged beyond repair on the shore of a lake. Accident occurred between October 1970 and March 1976.A Li-2 crash-landed near Ugulan. The wreck is still extant, now in bare metal without any markings.The Let factory reports that this plane crashed before 1990.Crashed between September 2001 and August 2002.Damaged beyond repair in a hard landing somewhere before 1989. It was then flown to Irkutsk after minimal repairs for use in the Irkutsk Higher Military Technical School (IVATU) on the civil airfield.Damaged beyond repair before March 1997.The Ilyushin was damaged beyond repair when it struck an airport building while taxiing. It was then used as an instructional airframe at Riga-SpilveThe Ilyushin crashed at Ice Station Komsomolskaya when both engines failed to develop takeoff power. The airplane was used for spares. The forward fuselage for instance was used to repair Il-14FKM CCCP-41834 which was damaged on 7 November 1987.The IL-12 crashed on the bank of the river Kotui close to the mouth of the river Tukalan reportedly in 1951 or 1956.The Grumman G-159 Gulfstream I turboprop plane sustained substantial damage to the left hand wing and propeller in a landing accident. The airplane was withdrawn from use and stored at Nairobi-Wilson Airport (WIL). It was first seen there in February 2005 and last seen active in October 2001 so the accident must have occurred between those dates.Crashed on takeoff fully loaded with a stack of plywood timber.The aircraft crash-landed on a beach while engaged in the smuggling of narcotics.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Written off.Written off. The airplane was registered to Bordeaux Aviation in June 1976, so probably lost after that date.Written off.The wreck was seen in a hangar at Toluca on March 1, 2006. Details unknown.The aircraft was seen severely damaged on August 8, 1990 at Paphos International Airport. Unclear what happened. The aircraft was not repaired.Written off.Written off. The Islander was registered November 1980, so written off after that date.Written off.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The aircraft was seen wrecked at Charles Prince, Zimbabwe 20 March 1997. Unclear what happened. Date in 1996 or 1997.Reportedly damaged beyond repair before 1991Written off.The Islander was damaged beyond repair after overrunning the runway at Nassau, Bahamas after 1984.Reportedly damaged beyond repair after 1995.Damaged beyond repair during maintenance.The first An-32A built was never officially registered. It is known to have crashed, exact date unknown, but based on indirect evidence it was before 1990 on a test flight.Destroyed in storms at Mielec prior to delivery.Written off prior to 1990.Damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at the desert airstrip of Wadi Bu al Hashm, Libya.The Antonov was cancelled from the Russian register on 12 March 2001, reportedly as destroyed.The An-26 was damaged beyond repair in the 1990s when the RU-19A-300 APU caught fire during a test-run after overhaul of the aircraft by 366 ARZ at Orenburg and the fire spread to the centre-wing section.The Antonov made a forced landing at Belgorod in the mid 1990s and was withdrawn from use. It was cancelled from the Russian register on 12 March 2001. The airframe was to become a cinema of the 'Rolan Bykov Fund' at Belgorod, but this was prevented in 2004 by the sanitary authorities because some radioactive sensors (for icing etc.) had not yet been removedDamaged beyond repair in a forced landing.Damaged beyond repair in a forced landing.Damaged beyond repair on landing. It was first noted at Massawa in April 1994 so the accident must have happened before that date.Damaged beyond repair on landing. It was first noted at Massawa in April 1994 so the accident must have happened before that date.Destroyed prior to 1994.Reported crashed.Crashed.Crashed (after September 1964).Reportedly lost in accident.The aircraft was noted in the Diamond Jubilee Museum at Kalaikunda Air Base in 1997 and had reportedly been damaged beyond repair in an accident previously.Two de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft, N30EA and N70EA were both parked right next to each other, wing-tip to wing-tip at Sebastian Municipal Airport, Florida. N30AE was parked on the right side of N70AE. Two de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft, N30EA and N70EA were both parked right next to each other, wing-tip to wing-tip at Sebastian Municipal Airport, Florida. N30AE was parked on the right side of N70AE. A Saab 340A passenger plane, registered LV-BMD, sustained damage in a taxiway excursion accident at Mendoza-El Plumerillo Airport, MD (MDZ), Argentina. There were no injuries among the 30 passengers and three crew members.An Airbus A321-111, registered SX-BHS, experienced a runway excursion after landing at Lyon Saint-Exupéry Airport (LYS). There were no injuries. An Airbus A321-111, registered SX-BHS, experienced a runway excursion after landing at Lyon Saint-Exupéry Airport (LYS). There were no injuries. An Airbus A321-111, registered SX-BHS, experienced a runway excursion after landing at Lyon Saint-Exupéry Airport (LYS). There were no injuries. A Boeing 727, operated by Compagnie Africaine d'Aviation - CAA, sustained substantial damage following a runway excursion on landing at Kinshasa-N'Djili Airport (FIH), D.R. Congo. A Boeing 727, operated by Compagnie Africaine d'Aviation - CAA, sustained substantial damage following a runway excursion on landing at Kinshasa-N'Djili Airport (FIH), D.R. Congo. A Boeing 727, operated by Compagnie Africaine d'Aviation - CAA, sustained substantial damage following a runway excursion on landing at Kinshasa-N'Djili Airport (FIH), D.R. Congo. At 11:13 the Citation airplane was cleared for the GPS runway 17 instrument approach into Ainsworth. The airplane started to accumulate ice around 4,000 feet msl during the approach. As the plane descended out of IMC between 300 and 400 feet agl the cockpit windows were obscured by the accumulation of ice and the pilot elected to land the airplane instead of executing the published missed-approach procedure. On finals the Cessna contacted terrain about 439 feet south of the departure end of runway 17. The aircraft traveled north about 18 feet prior to contacting an airport access road. The aircraft then became airborne and touched down for the second time after traveling north about 54 feet. The aircraft then slid in a right arc about 700 feet and came to rest parallel to a closed northeast/southwest runway.Painted illegally as N705TC, the aircraft was forced to land near Aguachina, Colombia by Colombian Air Force Cessna A-37 Dragonfly jets after entering Colombian airspace without authorisation. The airplane was later destroyed on the ground.Damaged beyond repair on landing.Crashed.The Twin Otter plane left Timika at 11:50 and was expected to have arrived in Enarotali at 12:15. The wreckage was found April 17. Enarotali Airport is located at an elevation of 5500 feet.ICARO Flight 504 departed Quito (UIO) at 09:35 on a domestic flight to Coca (OCC). At 09:50 the crew contacted the Coca controller, reported 20 miles out at FL60, requesting a visual approach to runway 15. The controller cleared them for the approach, reported wind calm, pressure 29.94 in. Hg, a temperature of 26 degrees and requested the crew to report on finals. At 09:54:29 the crew reported on finals and were cleared to land. The F-28 touched down 4,5 meters short of runway 15 and struck the raised lip of the runway threshold. It continued for 112 m before veering to the left off the runway. The airplane ran another 263 m before it skidded to a stop against the wall of a company building. Runway 15 is a 2000 m long asphalt runway.The An-28 had been stored in the D.R. Congo for a considerable time as the engines needed maintenance. Nevertheless was sent to fetch some cargo from Kampene without having undergone the required maintenance. On the return flight from Kampene one engine failed shortly after takeoff. The aircraft lost altitude and crashed.While starting the left engine, the engine caught fire. There was no extinguisher available, and the aircraft was consumed by the blaze. The commander was not qualified for the airplane model, whose Airworthiness Certificate was cancelled. The pilot and three passengers escaped unharmed.Ran off runway and struck a mount of snow; nosegear collapsed. The aircraft is reportedly damaged beyond repair and stored at Algiers (probably ferried there??).The Beechcraft B100 King Air aircraft was on an IFR approach to Muskoka Airport, ON (YQA), Canada when it struck trees in a steep nose down attitude on final approach to runway 18. The two occupants, pilot and one passenger, were seriously injured and transported to hospitals in Toronto by air ambulance. Weather at the time of the accident was ceiling 1,000 AGL overcast, visibility six (6) miles. The wind was 140 degrees true at 02 knots.The MD-88, named "Parque Tierra del Fuego" was destroyed in a hangar fire during fuel system maintenance.The left hand main landing gear failed, causing the no. 1 prop to strike the runway.The Antonov took off from Luanda for a cargo flight to Lukapa, carrying 14 tons of food. Engine problems (possibly fire) forced the crew to return to Luanda. Approaching Luanda, the plane crashed into the Cazenga neighborhood of Luanda - the city's most populous area.Despite their plans to carry out a runway 36 approach, the crew landed straight-in on runway 18. The aircraft departed the side of the runway. The nose gear collapsed as it contacted obstructions.Learjet N220JC departed Boca Raton at 11:40 and made a right crosswind departure, followed by a 45-degree turn departing the traffic pattern. In the same area an Extra EA-300S N300XS was present, which had just taken off from Pompano Beach Airpark, FL (PMP). At an altitude of 2400 feet both aircraft collided. Both aircraft fell to the ground.Reportedly emergency landed at Kilimanjaro following a number one engine failure. The aircraft was ferried to Kinshasa-N'Djili Airport on March 3, 1999 and stored there because of insufficient financial resources to carry out a D-check. In December, 2000 the aircraft was seen parked in a hangar, still out of service.Wuhan Airlines flight 343 departed Enshi for a flight to Wuhan. The aircraft entered an area of poor weather; rain and thunderstorm with associated windshear. The crew reportedly circled Wuhan for about 30 minutes to wait for the storm to pass. Wuhan's weather bureau recorded 451 thunderclaps in a 10-minute period as the plane circled. During the approach the first officer proposed to land at an alternate airport, but the captain decided to continue to Wuhan.An Ilyushin 76MD military transport plane was destroyed in an emergency landing and runway excursion accident at Astrakhan-Privolzhskiy Air Base, Russia. All seven crew members and 221 passengers survived.A Swearingen SA227-AC Metro III turboprop sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Gisborne Airport (GIS), New Zealand. Both pilots were not injured.During an engine test run at gate C115, the empty aircraft ran forward and collided with terminal C. At the time of the accident, the aircraft was prepared for the 1st flight of the day and 6 cleaners were aboard the plane.Flight AZ 1553, operated by Minerva Airlines, departed Cagliari, Italy for a 1 hour and 25 minute flight to Genoa. The aircraft approached Genoa's runway 29 in 15-18 knot winds. It is reported that the Dornier landed long with a tailwind component. The airplane failed to stop on the remaining runway and ran into the sea at the end of the 9925 feet long runway. The fuselage of the plane submerged.A McDonnell Douglas MD-81 passenger plane, registered JA8297, sustained substantial damage in a landing gear collapsed accident at Tokunoshima Airport (TKN), Japan. There were 163 passengers and six crew members on board. Three passengers were slightly injured.Nearing the Peterborough in IMC, the flight crew received a clearance to conduct an NDB runway 09 approach. The flight crew did not acquire the runway environment during this approach and conducted a missed approach procedure. They obtained another clearance for the same approach from Toronto Area Control Centre. During this approach, the flight crew acquired the runway environment and manoeuvred the aircraft for landing on runway 09. The aircraft touched down near the runway midpoint, and the captain elected to abort the landing. The captain then conducted a left visual circuit to attempt another landing. As the aircraft was turning onto the final leg, the approach became unstabilized, and the flight crew elected to overshoot; however, the aircraft pitched nose-down, banked left, and struck terrain. As it travelled 400 feet through a ploughed farm field, the aircraft struck a tree line and came to rest about 2000 feet before the threshold of runway 09, facing the opposite direction.The aircraft suffered runway excursion after a late touchdown on runway 14 at Zürich-Kloten Airport, Switzerland.An Airbus A320-232, N655AW, was substantially damaged when the engine cowling separated and struck the horizontal stabilizer during takeoff at Las Vegas-McCarran International Airport, Nevada. There were no injuries. The aircraft was operated by America West Airlines as flight 2747, a regularly scheduled domestic passenger flight, destined for Columbus, Ohio. The Antonov was landing at the Lima-25 airstrip in southern Sudan when a crowd of some 300 local residents ran out onto the runway. The captain groundlooped the aircraft to the right to avoid crashing into them. The aircraft collided with obstacles as a result.Varig Flight 886 to Lima, Peru, experienced an uncontained failure of the HPC stage 3-9 spool in the No. 2 (right) General Electric CF6-80C2B2 engine during takeoff. The flight crew reported that at a speed of about 60 knots, they heard a loud bang. They rejected the takeoff and stopped the airplane on the runway. The copilot opened the right-side cockpit window to look out and advised the pilot that there was a fire around the right main landing gear. The flight crew reported that they then attempted to taxi clear of the fire but stopped the airplane on the runway again when they realized it was the engine that was on fire and ordered an evacuation. Although the flight crew discharged both fire bottles into the No. 2 engine nacelle, the fire continued until it was extinguished by airport fire department personnel.The Rhodes runway 07/25 (3260 m long) was wet. Due to the weather circumstances the crew of the Amiri Flight A.300 increased the threshold reference speed from 134 kts to 144 kts. The ground spoilers were not armed. For braking reasons, the auto brake mode was set to "low". The thrust reversers were disabled due to a manufacturer's service bulletin. The aircraft landed with a speed of 166 kts, exceeding the Vref by 22 kts. The ground spoilers did not deploy automatically because they had not been armed. Consequently the auto brake system, which operates by the deployment of spoilers, did not activate. The crew attempted manual braking but they were too late. The aircraft departed the runway, sustaining serious damage.An uncontained engine fire forced the crew to carry out an emergency landing in a field just outside Leopoldsburg. The engine was separating from its mount and when they landed, just one bolt keep the engine on the aircraft. The aircraft was stored at Kortrijk/Wevelgem airport and was noted in flying condition in 2004.An uncontained engine fire forced the crew to carry out an emergency landing in a field just outside Leopoldsburg. The engine was separating from its mount and when they landed, just one bolt keep the engine on the aircraft. The aircraft was stored at Kortrijk/Wevelgem airport and was noted in flying condition in 2004.Philippine Airlines flight 812, an Airbus A330 aircraft with 284 passengers and 14 crew members, was hijacked during a domestic flight. The plane was en route from Davao International Airport to Manila’s Ninoy Aquino International Airport. Approximately one hour into the flight, a passenger got out of his seat and went into one of the aircraft’s restrooms. He emerged armed with a .22 caliber handgun and what was later determined to be a fake hand grenade. While on his way to the cockpit, the passenger encountered a flight attendant, pulled out the handgun, and said that he was hijacking the plane. He subsequently fired a single shot toward the cockpit door, although it is believed this was done accidentally. The hijacker then ordered the flight attendant to ask the pilot to open the door.Shorts 330 G-SSWN was operating on a mail flight (Streamline 200) to Luton. The crew were cleared to depart cargo stand N51 and proceed to runway 27 at 02:38. Around the same time Air Liberté Flight 8807 (an MD-83, F-GHED) also taxied to runway 27 for a flight to Madrid. At 02:44 the Charles de Gaulle ground controller asked Streamline 200 if they wished to enter runway 27 at an intermediate taxiway; the crew asked for and were granted to enter Taxiway 16. At 02:50:49 the tower controller cleared the MD-83 for takeoff: "Liberté 8807, autorisé au décollage 27, 230°, 10 à 15 kts.". The controller then immediately told the Shorts to line up and wait: "Stream Line two hundred line up runway 27 and wait, number two". As the MD-83 was travelling down the runway, the Shorts started to taxi onto the runway. At a speed of about 155 knots the left wing of MD-83 slashed through the cockpit of the Shorts plane; the MD-83 abandoned takeoff.Shorts 330 G-SSWN was operating on a mail flight (Streamline 200) to Luton. The crew were cleared to depart cargo stand N51 and proceed to runway 27 at 02:38. Around the same time Air Liberté Flight 8807 (an MD-83, F-GHED) also taxied to runway 27 for a flight to Madrid. At 02:44 the Charles de Gaulle ground controller asked Streamline 200 if they wished to enter runway 27 at an intermediate taxiway; the crew asked for and were granted to enter Taxiway 16. At 02:50:49 the tower controller cleared the MD-83 for takeoff: "Liberté 8807, autorisé au décollage 27, 230°, 10 à 15 kts.". The controller then immediately told the Shorts to line up and wait: "Stream Line two hundred line up runway 27 and wait, number two". As the MD-83 was travelling down the runway, the Shorts started to taxi onto the runway. At a speed of about 155 knots the left wing of MD-83 slashed through the cockpit of the Shorts plane; the MD-83 abandoned takeoff.Passengers were robbed by three hijackers during a domestic flight to Batri. The hijackers forced the pilot to return to Erave, where they deplaned and escaped.Jetstream 31 N16EJ departed Farmingdale-Republic Airport (FRG) at 09:21 on a flight to Atlantic City International Airport (ACY), where it arrived at 09:49. The next flight was an on-demand charter flight for Caesar's Palace Casino to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport (AVP). An IFR flight plan was filed and the flight departed at 10:30.The aircraft was landing in an open field; the surface wind was 280°/6 to 8 kt and the pilot elected to land in this direction. The ground sloped upwards to a crest and then downwards; the grass was moist. The touchdown was normal but the aircraft failed to stop before it came to the perimeter hedge andThe aircraft was landing in an open field; the surface wind was 280°/6 to 8 kt and the pilot elected to land in this direction. The ground sloped upwards to a crest and then downwards; the grass was moist. The touchdown was normal but the aircraft failed to stop before it came to the perimeter hedge andThe CASA was on a paradropping flight when all 16 para's were forced to jump off at an altitude of about 3000 m. The CASA returned to Agen airfield, but control was lost and the aircraft crashed some 500 m short of runway 11.Crashed into power cables whilst spraying.The Airlink Bandeirante departed Nadzab at 08:20 for a flight to Goroka. On the night of 11 June 1999, RAF Hercules XV298 was tasked to collect personnel and equipment from Kukes airstrip, Albania. The aircraft flew from Italy and landed on the unlit airstrip using normal Night Vision Goggle (NVG) procedures. The crew had been briefed that there would be sufficient runway remaining from the pickup point to the end of the airstrip. The crew were unable to see the end of the airstrip as artificial lighting in the near distance interfered with their night vision goggles.The Thunder Airlines Beechcraft A100 King Air took off at 10:34 on a charter flight from Thunder Bay Airport, ON (YQT), for Red Lake Airport, ON (YRL), with two pilots and three passengers on board. After getting airborne, the aircraft pitched up to approximately 70 degrees, reaching a height estimated to be between 500 and 700 feet above ground level. It then rolled to the left, pitched steeply nose-down, and descended to the ground within the confines of the airport. The aircraft contacted the soft, level ground in a relatively level attitude and covered a distance of about 500 feet before coming to rest in a wooded area immediately beyond an elevated railroad bed and track. The cabin remained intact during the crash sequence, and all occupants escaped without any injuries. The aircraft was damaged beyond repair. An ensuing fuel-fed fire was rapidly extinguished by airport emergency response services (ERS) personnel.A passenger tried to hijack Xiamen Airlines flight 8502 using a knife. The hijacker, a hospital worker from Shanghai who had recently been laid off, wanted to be taken to Taiwan. In-flight security subdued the man.Crashed.A big storm was passing the Zhanjinag Airport as the Boeing 737 approached the runway. The flight crew did not strictly comply with the check list, nor did they set the QNH correctly due to poor crew coordination. After passing the runway threshold at 400 m, the aircraft hit the ground and bounced. It floated for 330 m and hit the ground again 15 m away from the right side of the runway. The landing gear collapsed and the plane suffered irreparable damage.Crashed.Hard landing and go around.A Beechcraft B200 King Air, N24CV, owned and operated by the pilot, was presumed destroyed during ditching into the Pacific Ocean about 160 miles southwest of San Diego, California. The commercial pilot, the sole occupant, received minor injuries. The aircraft crashed after takeoff from the Ol Kiombo airstrip in the Maasai Mara National Reserve to pick up passengers at another camp. Preliminary investigation results show that the flaps might not have been properly set for takeoffCrashed into a swampy area at the end of the runway during a regular training mission. One of the airplane's two engines had lost power.American Airlines Flight 1420, from Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW) to Little Rock (LIT), was scheduled to depart about 20:28 and arrive about 21:41. However, the airplane originally intended to be used for the flight was delayed in its arrival to Dallas/Fort Worth because of adverse weather in the area. After 21:00, the first officer notified gate agents that flight 1420 would need to depart by 23:16 because of American’s company duty time limitation. Another aircraft was arranged and the flight departed at 22:40. About 22:54, the flight dispatcher sent the flight crew an ACARS message indicating that the weather around Little Rock might be a factor during the arrival. The dispatcher suggested that the flight crew expedite the arrival to beat the thunderstorms if possible, and the flight crew acknowledged this message. About 23:04, the Fort Worth center broadcast an NWS Convective SIGMET [significant meteorological information] weather advisory for an area of severe thunderstorms that included the Little Rock airport area. The flight crew discussed the weather and the need to expedite the approach. At 23:25:47, the captain stated, "we got to get over there quick." About 5 seconds later, the first officer said, "I don’t like that...that’s lightning," to which the captain replied, "sure is." The flight crew had the city of Little Rock and the airport area in sight by 23:26. Fort Worth center cleared the flight to descend to 10,000 feet msl. The flight was transferred to the Memphis ARTCC and at 23:34, the flight crew contacted the Little Rock Air Traffic Control Tower (ATCT). The controller advised the flight crew that a thunderstorm located northwest of the airport was moving through the area and that the wind was 280º at 28 knots gusting to 44 knots. The first officer told the controller that he and the captain could see the lightning. The controller told the flight crew to expect an ILS approach to runway 22L. At 23:36, the captain and first officer discussed American Airlines’ crosswind limitation for landing. The captain indicated that 30 knots was the crosswind limitation but realized that he had provided the limitation for a dry runway. The captain then stated that the wet runway crosswind limitation was 20 knots, but the first officer stated that the limitation was 25 knots. At 23:39:00, the controller cleared the flight to descend to an altitude of 3,000 feet msl. The controller then asked the flight crew about the weather conditions along the runway 22L final approach course, stating his belief that the airplane’s weather radar was "a lot better" than the weather radar depiction available in the tower. At 23:39:12, the first officer stated, "okay, we can...see the airport from here. We can barely make it out but we should be able to make [runway] two two...that storm is moving this way like your radar says it is but a little bit farther off than you thought." The controller then offered flight 1420 a visual approach to the runway, but the first officer indicated, "at this point, we really can’t make it out. We’re gonna have to stay with you as long as possible." At 23:39:45, the controller notified flight 1420 of a windshear alert, reporting that the centerfield wind was 340º at 10 knots, the north boundary wind was 330º at 25 knots, and the northwest boundary wind was 010º at 15 knots. The flight crew then requested runway 04R so that there would be a headwind, rather than a tailwind, during landing. At 23:40:20, the controller instructed the flight crew to fly a heading of 250º for vectors to the runway 04R ILS final approach course. After reaching the assigned heading, the airplane was turned away from the airport and clear of the thunderstorm that had previously been reported by the controller. Between 23:40:46 and 23:41:31, the first officer stated the localizer frequency and course, the decision altitude, the minimum safe altitude, and a portion of the missed approach procedure for runway 04R. The captain then asked the first officer, "do you have the airport? Is that it right there? I don’t see a runway." At 23:42:27, the controller told the flight crew that the second part of the thunderstorm was apparently moving through the area and that the winds were 340º at 16 knots gusting to 34 knots. At 23:42:40, the first officer asked the captain whether he wanted to accept "a short approach" and "keep it in tight." The captain answered, "yeah, if you see the runway. ‘cause I don’t quite see it." The first officer stated, "yeah, it’s right here, see it?" The captain replied, "you just point me in the right direction and I’ll start slowing down here." At 23:42:55, the first officer said, "it’s going right over the...field." The first officer then told the controller, "well we got the airport. We’re going between clouds. I think it’s right off my, uh, three o’clock low, about four miles." The controller then offered a visual approach for runway 04R, and the first officer accepted. At 23:43:11, the controller cleared flight 1420 for a visual approach to runway 04R and indicated "if you lose it, need some help, let me know please." At 23:43:35, the first officer stated, "you’re comin’ in. There’s the airport." Three seconds later, the captain stated, "uh, I lost it," to which the first officer replied, "see it’s right there." The captain then stated, "I still don’t see it...just vector me. I don’t know." At 23:43:59, the controller cleared flight 1420 to land and indicated that the winds were 330º at 21 knots. At 23:44:19, the captain stated, "see we’re losing it. I don’t think we can maintain visual." At 23:44:30, the first officer informed the controller that visual contact with the airport had been lost because of a cloud between the airplane and the airport. The controller then cleared the airplane to fly a heading of 220º for radar vectors for the ILS approach to runway 04R and directed the flight to descend to and maintain 2,300 feet msl. At 23:45:47, the first officer told the controller "we’re getting pretty close to this storm. we’ll keep it tight if we have to." The controller indicated to the flight crew that, "when you join the final, you’re going to be right at just a little bit outside the marker if that’s gonna be okay for ya." The captain stated, "that’s great," and the first officer told the controller, "that’s great with us." At 23:46:39, the controller advised the flight crew that the airplane was 3 miles from the outer marker. At 23:46:52, the captain stated, "aw, we’re goin’ right into this." At the same time, the controller reported that there was heavy rain at the airport, the ATIS information in effect at the time was no longer current, the visibility was less than 1 mile, and the runway visual range (RVR) for runway 04R was 3,000 feet. The first officer acknowledged this information. At 23:47:08, the controller again cleared flight 1420 to land and indicated that the wind was 350º at 30 knots gusting to 45 knots. The first officer then read back the wind information as 030º at 45 knots. At 23:47:22, the captain stated, "three thousand RVR. We can’t land on that." Four seconds later, the first officer indicated that the RVR for runway 04R was 2,400 feet, and the captain then said, "okay, fine." At 23:47:44, the captain stated, "landing gear down." About 5 seconds later, the captain stated, "and lights please." At 23:47:53, the controller issued a second windshear alert for the airport, reporting that the centerfield wind was 350º at 32 knots gusting to 45 knots, the north boundary wind was 310º at 29 knots, and the northeast boundary wind was 320º at 32 knots. This transmission was not acknowledged by the flight crew. At 23:48:10, the captain stated, "add twenty [knots]," to which the first officer replied, "right." At 23:48:12, the controller reported that the runway 04R RVR was now 1,600 feet. About 23:48:18, the captain indicated that the flight was established on final approach; 6 seconds later, the first officer informed the controller that the flight was established on the inbound portion of the ILS. The controller repeated the clearance to land; stated that the wind was 340º at 31 knots, the north boundary wind was 300º at 26 knots, and the northeast boundary wind was 320º at 25 knots; and repeated the RVR. At 23:48:41, the first officer acknowledged this information. The controller did not receive any further transmissions from flight 1420. At 23:49:02, the first officer asked the captain, "want forty flaps?" The captain indicated that he thought he had already called for the landing flaps, after which the first officer stated, "forty now." At 23:49:10, the controller informed the flight crew that the wind was 330º at 28 knots. Two seconds later, the captain stated, "this is a can of worms." The first officer stated, "there’s the runway off to your right, got it?" at 23:49:24. The captain replied, "no," to which the first officer stated, "I got the runway in sight. You’re right on course. Stay where you’re at." The captain then stated, "I got it. I got it." At 23:49:32, the controller reported the wind to be 330º at 25 knots. At 23:49:53, the controller reported the wind to be 320º at 23 knots. From about 400 feet above field level (afl) the airplane drifted to the right. At 23:50:00, the first officer said, "we’re way off." The localizer deviation value was about one dot to the right at that point. About 1 second later, the captain stated, "I can’t see it." About 3 seconds afterward, the first officer asked, "got it?" to which the captain replied, "yeah I got it." At 23:50:13 and :14, the GPWS radio altitude callout "sink rate" sounded. The airplane touched down on the runway about 23:50:20. About 23:50:22, the first officer stated "we’re down;" about 2 seconds later, he stated, "we’re sliding." Over a 7-second period after touchdown, both thrust reversers were deployed and the left and right engines’ engine pressure ratios (EPR) reached settings of 1.89 and 1.67, respectively. The thrust reversers were subsequently moved to the unlocked status (neither deployed nor stowed). The flight spoilers did not deploy symmetrically at touchdown. About the time that the brakes were applied, the thrust reversers were deployed again. At 23:50:32, the CVR recorded an unidentified voice in the cockpit stating "on the brakes." The left engine reached a maximum setting of 1.98 reverse EPR, and the right engine reached a setting of 1.64 reverse EPR. The left brake pedal was relaxed at 23:50:34 before returning to its full position 2 seconds later. About the time that the left brake pedal was relaxed, the reversers were returned to the unlocked status. As the right thrust reverser was being moved to the unlocked status, the right engine reached a maximum setting of 1.74 reverse EPR. At 23:50:36, a full aileron deflection was given. At 23:50:40, the left thrust reverser was moved back to the deployed position, but the right reverser moved briefly to the deployed position and then moved to the stowed position. According to FDR data, the left thrust reverser remained deployed, and the right thrust reverser remained stowed, for the remainder of the flight. After departing the end of the runway, the airplane struck several tubes extending outward from the left edge of the instrument landing system localizer array, located 411 feet beyond the end of the runway; passed through a chain link security fence; went down a rock embankment to a flood plain, located approximately 15 feet below the runway elevation; and collided with the structure supporting the runway 22L approach lighting system.American Airlines Flight 1420, from Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW) to Little Rock (LIT), was scheduled to depart about 20:28 and arrive about 21:41. However, the airplane originally intended to be used for the flight was delayed in its arrival to Dallas/Fort Worth because of adverse weather in the area. After 21:00, the first officer notified gate agents that flight 1420 would need to depart by 23:16 because of American’s company duty time limitation. Another aircraft was arranged and the flight departed at 22:40. About 22:54, the flight dispatcher sent the flight crew an ACARS message indicating that the weather around Little Rock might be a factor during the arrival. The dispatcher suggested that the flight crew expedite the arrival to beat the thunderstorms if possible, and the flight crew acknowledged this message. About 23:04, the Fort Worth center broadcast an NWS Convective SIGMET [significant meteorological information] weather advisory for an area of severe thunderstorms that included the Little Rock airport area. The flight crew discussed the weather and the need to expedite the approach. At 23:25:47, the captain stated, "we got to get over there quick." About 5 seconds later, the first officer said, "I don’t like that...that’s lightning," to which the captain replied, "sure is." The flight crew had the city of Little Rock and the airport area in sight by 23:26. Fort Worth center cleared the flight to descend to 10,000 feet msl. The flight was transferred to the Memphis ARTCC and at 23:34, the flight crew contacted the Little Rock Air Traffic Control Tower (ATCT). The controller advised the flight crew that a thunderstorm located northwest of the airport was moving through the area and that the wind was 280º at 28 knots gusting to 44 knots. The first officer told the controller that he and the captain could see the lightning. The controller told the flight crew to expect an ILS approach to runway 22L. At 23:36, the captain and first officer discussed American Airlines’ crosswind limitation for landing. The captain indicated that 30 knots was the crosswind limitation but realized that he had provided the limitation for a dry runway. The captain then stated that the wet runway crosswind limitation was 20 knots, but the first officer stated that the limitation was 25 knots. At 23:39:00, the controller cleared the flight to descend to an altitude of 3,000 feet msl. The controller then asked the flight crew about the weather conditions along the runway 22L final approach course, stating his belief that the airplane’s weather radar was "a lot better" than the weather radar depiction available in the tower. At 23:39:12, the first officer stated, "okay, we can...see the airport from here. We can barely make it out but we should be able to make [runway] two two...that storm is moving this way like your radar says it is but a little bit farther off than you thought." The controller then offered flight 1420 a visual approach to the runway, but the first officer indicated, "at this point, we really can’t make it out. We’re gonna have to stay with you as long as possible." At 23:39:45, the controller notified flight 1420 of a windshear alert, reporting that the centerfield wind was 340º at 10 knots, the north boundary wind was 330º at 25 knots, and the northwest boundary wind was 010º at 15 knots. The flight crew then requested runway 04R so that there would be a headwind, rather than a tailwind, during landing. At 23:40:20, the controller instructed the flight crew to fly a heading of 250º for vectors to the runway 04R ILS final approach course. After reaching the assigned heading, the airplane was turned away from the airport and clear of the thunderstorm that had previously been reported by the controller. Between 23:40:46 and 23:41:31, the first officer stated the localizer frequency and course, the decision altitude, the minimum safe altitude, and a portion of the missed approach procedure for runway 04R. The captain then asked the first officer, "do you have the airport? Is that it right there? I don’t see a runway." At 23:42:27, the controller told the flight crew that the second part of the thunderstorm was apparently moving through the area and that the winds were 340º at 16 knots gusting to 34 knots. At 23:42:40, the first officer asked the captain whether he wanted to accept "a short approach" and "keep it in tight." The captain answered, "yeah, if you see the runway. ‘cause I don’t quite see it." The first officer stated, "yeah, it’s right here, see it?" The captain replied, "you just point me in the right direction and I’ll start slowing down here." At 23:42:55, the first officer said, "it’s going right over the...field." The first officer then told the controller, "well we got the airport. We’re going between clouds. I think it’s right off my, uh, three o’clock low, about four miles." The controller then offered a visual approach for runway 04R, and the first officer accepted. At 23:43:11, the controller cleared flight 1420 for a visual approach to runway 04R and indicated "if you lose it, need some help, let me know please." At 23:43:35, the first officer stated, "you’re comin’ in. There’s the airport." Three seconds later, the captain stated, "uh, I lost it," to which the first officer replied, "see it’s right there." The captain then stated, "I still don’t see it...just vector me. I don’t know." At 23:43:59, the controller cleared flight 1420 to land and indicated that the winds were 330º at 21 knots. At 23:44:19, the captain stated, "see we’re losing it. I don’t think we can maintain visual." At 23:44:30, the first officer informed the controller that visual contact with the airport had been lost because of a cloud between the airplane and the airport. The controller then cleared the airplane to fly a heading of 220º for radar vectors for the ILS approach to runway 04R and directed the flight to descend to and maintain 2,300 feet msl. At 23:45:47, the first officer told the controller "we’re getting pretty close to this storm. we’ll keep it tight if we have to." The controller indicated to the flight crew that, "when you join the final, you’re going to be right at just a little bit outside the marker if that’s gonna be okay for ya." The captain stated, "that’s great," and the first officer told the controller, "that’s great with us." At 23:46:39, the controller advised the flight crew that the airplane was 3 miles from the outer marker. At 23:46:52, the captain stated, "aw, we’re goin’ right into this." At the same time, the controller reported that there was heavy rain at the airport, the ATIS information in effect at the time was no longer current, the visibility was less than 1 mile, and the runway visual range (RVR) for runway 04R was 3,000 feet. The first officer acknowledged this information. At 23:47:08, the controller again cleared flight 1420 to land and indicated that the wind was 350º at 30 knots gusting to 45 knots. The first officer then read back the wind information as 030º at 45 knots. At 23:47:22, the captain stated, "three thousand RVR. We can’t land on that." Four seconds later, the first officer indicated that the RVR for runway 04R was 2,400 feet, and the captain then said, "okay, fine." At 23:47:44, the captain stated, "landing gear down." About 5 seconds later, the captain stated, "and lights please." At 23:47:53, the controller issued a second windshear alert for the airport, reporting that the centerfield wind was 350º at 32 knots gusting to 45 knots, the north boundary wind was 310º at 29 knots, and the northeast boundary wind was 320º at 32 knots. This transmission was not acknowledged by the flight crew. At 23:48:10, the captain stated, "add twenty [knots]," to which the first officer replied, "right." At 23:48:12, the controller reported that the runway 04R RVR was now 1,600 feet. About 23:48:18, the captain indicated that the flight was established on final approach; 6 seconds later, the first officer informed the controller that the flight was established on the inbound portion of the ILS. The controller repeated the clearance to land; stated that the wind was 340º at 31 knots, the north boundary wind was 300º at 26 knots, and the northeast boundary wind was 320º at 25 knots; and repeated the RVR. At 23:48:41, the first officer acknowledged this information. The controller did not receive any further transmissions from flight 1420. At 23:49:02, the first officer asked the captain, "want forty flaps?" The captain indicated that he thought he had already called for the landing flaps, after which the first officer stated, "forty now." At 23:49:10, the controller informed the flight crew that the wind was 330º at 28 knots. Two seconds later, the captain stated, "this is a can of worms." The first officer stated, "there’s the runway off to your right, got it?" at 23:49:24. The captain replied, "no," to which the first officer stated, "I got the runway in sight. You’re right on course. Stay where you’re at." The captain then stated, "I got it. I got it." At 23:49:32, the controller reported the wind to be 330º at 25 knots. At 23:49:53, the controller reported the wind to be 320º at 23 knots. From about 400 feet above field level (afl) the airplane drifted to the right. At 23:50:00, the first officer said, "we’re way off." The localizer deviation value was about one dot to the right at that point. About 1 second later, the captain stated, "I can’t see it." About 3 seconds afterward, the first officer asked, "got it?" to which the captain replied, "yeah I got it." At 23:50:13 and :14, the GPWS radio altitude callout "sink rate" sounded. The airplane touched down on the runway about 23:50:20. About 23:50:22, the first officer stated "we’re down;" about 2 seconds later, he stated, "we’re sliding." Over a 7-second period after touchdown, both thrust reversers were deployed and the left and right engines’ engine pressure ratios (EPR) reached settings of 1.89 and 1.67, respectively. The thrust reversers were subsequently moved to the unlocked status (neither deployed nor stowed). The flight spoilers did not deploy symmetrically at touchdown. About the time that the brakes were applied, the thrust reversers were deployed again. At 23:50:32, the CVR recorded an unidentified voice in the cockpit stating "on the brakes." The left engine reached a maximum setting of 1.98 reverse EPR, and the right engine reached a setting of 1.64 reverse EPR. The left brake pedal was relaxed at 23:50:34 before returning to its full position 2 seconds later. About the time that the left brake pedal was relaxed, the reversers were returned to the unlocked status. As the right thrust reverser was being moved to the unlocked status, the right engine reached a maximum setting of 1.74 reverse EPR. At 23:50:36, a full aileron deflection was given. At 23:50:40, the left thrust reverser was moved back to the deployed position, but the right reverser moved briefly to the deployed position and then moved to the stowed position. According to FDR data, the left thrust reverser remained deployed, and the right thrust reverser remained stowed, for the remainder of the flight. After departing the end of the runway, the airplane struck several tubes extending outward from the left edge of the instrument landing system localizer array, located 411 feet beyond the end of the runway; passed through a chain link security fence; went down a rock embankment to a flood plain, located approximately 15 feet below the runway elevation; and collided with the structure supporting the runway 22L approach lighting system.Destroyed in NATO air raid.Destroyed in NATO air raid.The Antonov, accompanied by a Cessna 185 was on the return trip from Spitzbergen to Barrow, Alaska when a landing was attempted on the North Pole. The Cessna landed first to check the thickness of the ice. When the Antonov touched down the ice began to crack. While attempting to take off again, the ice gave way under the main gear, causing the nose to sink into the freezing water. The aircraft remained on the ice, supported by the lower wing of the biplane. All aboard managed to get out safely through the aft left hand door.A man brandished a jar of hair gel and claimed it to be a bomb on board EgyptAir flight 233. The hijacker told the chief flight attendant that he wanted to go to Afghanistan so that he could find a job. After making the demand, the hijacker attempted to storm the cockpit of the Airbus A321 aircraft but was unable to gain entry and was overpowered by crew members. The plane landed in Aswan where the hijacker was taken into custody and charged with air piracy and threatening the lives of airplane passengers. None of the 19 people on the flight were injured.Impacted the side of a mountain ridge about 100 feet from the 1,400-foot top while on a night visual approach to Kaunakakai.The Islander, transporting fuel, crashed into a mountain shrouded in mist.A DHC-6-300, N241SA, was substantially damaged when it collided with terrain during takeoff roll at Monument Valley Airport, Utah. There were no injuries to the two pilots and 15 passengers..Learjet G-MURI departed Farnborough at 11:22 GMT for a flight to Nice. At 12:22 GMT, during cruise flight at FL390, no. 1 engine problems forced the crew to shut it down. The captain then radioed: "Mayday Mayday Mayday Nex four Bravo we’ve lost an engine at flight level three nine zero and we’re in the descent". Air traffic control suggested a diversion to Lyon-Satolas. The aircraft was positioned for a runway 36L ILS approach. At the end of the unstabilized final approach, the airplane descended a little bit below the glide slope. Significant power was then added on the no. 2 engine, following which the aircraft banked to the left causing the wing to touch the ground. The aircraft crashed next to the runway and caught fire.The Antonov ran off the side of runway 24 and suffered substantial damage.DAS Air Cargo DC-10 freighter N800WR approached Entebbe runway 35 following a flight from London-Gatwick carrying over 50 tons of cargo. The airplane landed long: 4000-5000 feet down the 12000 feet long runway. The nosegear touched down 13 seconds after the main undercarriage. The DC-10 could not be brought to a halt and slid off the runway, into Lake Victoria about 100 meters from the southern end of the runway. The DC-10 ended up with the no. 1 and 3 engines submerged and cockpit section separated from the fuselage. The crewmembers were rescued with a life-raft within just 10 minutes of the accident.It is understood that the plane had failed to clear trees at the end of the airstrip. The plane crashed and burned.A Douglas DC-8-62F, N990CF, was substantially damaged when the number two engine cowling departed the airplane near Denver, Colorado. The three flight crew members and two passengers were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the night cross-country flight, which originated from Seattle, Washington, 2 hours 48 minutes before the accident. An IFR flight plan had been filed for the cargo flight that was en route to Dayton, Ohio.A McDonnell-Douglas DC-10-30, N39081, operating as Continental Airlines flight 60, was substantially damaged when an uncontained engine event occurred during takeoff from Newark International Airport (EWR), New Jersey. The 3-man cockpit crew, 11-person cabin crew, and 220 passengers were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. An instrument flight rules flight plan had been filed for the flight, between Newark and Brussels Airport (BRU), Belgium. A Saab 340B, N404XJ, operated by Mesaba Airlines as Northwest Airlink flight 3233, collided with two deer during a takeoff ground run at the Hancock-Houghton Memorial Airport, Michigan. The Captain, First Officer, Flight Attendant, and 18 passengers were not injured. The airplane received substantial damage.The aircraft (named 'Kahramanmaras') overran the wet runway on landing.Overran runway on landing.A Beechcraft 99A, N133BA, sustained substantial damage when the airplane's left main landing gear collapsed during landing roll at the Bemidji-Beltrami County Airport, Minnesota. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The local systems flight test originated at Bemidji, Minnesota, at 17:40.A Curtiss C-46F cargo plane suffered engine problems while on approach to an airstrip at El Paraiso Ranch in Bolivia. The engine was shut down and the propeller was feathered. The pilot was not able to maintain altitude and had to carry out a forced landing in a marsh near the airstrip.One of the fuel tanks burst open during fuelling of the aircraft. The Boeing was damaged beyond repair.Crashed.A Beechcraft 100 King Air, N924RM, landed on runway 6 with the right main gear up, veered off the runway, and collided with a ditch at the Hickory Regional Airport, North Carolina. Visual weather conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The flight departed Richmond, Virginia, at 21:50.An Antonov 26, owned by Volga Atlantic Airlines, was operating on a domestic flight on behalf of Avita Servicos Aéreos of Angola. The crew were forced to carry out a crash-landing after one of the engines was hit by a UNITA-missile. The Russian crewmembers Alexander Zaitsev, Sergei Zakharov and Sergei Chesnokov were seized by UNITA.The Mexican Air Force Boeing 737 was on a training flight when it overran the runway. The nosegear collapsed. Grass near the aircraft caught fire causing the airplane to burn out.The Vanair de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter crashed into sea near Port Vila (Vanuatu) in a heavy rain squall. Five survivors were able to swim ashore. Seven other occupants presumably drowned.Samoa Air flight 906, a DHC-6-200, N719AS, veered off the runway and collided with a ditch and an embankment while landing at Fitiuta, Tu'a, American Samoa. The aircraft sustained substantial damage; however, neither of the 2 flight crewmembers nor any of their 12 passengers were injured. The aircraft accelerated slowly in the slush, and the pilot rejected the takeoff. He selected a different takeoff run, moved a passenger to a forward seat, and attempted a second takeoff. The pilot continued beyond his previously selected rejection distance. The engine revolutions per minute (rpm) then reportedly decreased by about 150 rpm. The aircraft did not become airborne, and it ran into the low shoreline and crashed, skidding to a stop about 300 feet from the shore. An intense fire broke out immediately. The passengers and pilot evacuated the aircraft. Only one passenger suffered minor burns during the evacuation. Flames engulfed the main fuselage and engine, destroying the aircraft.The aircraft accelerated slowly in the slush, and the pilot rejected the takeoff. He selected a different takeoff run, moved a passenger to a forward seat, and attempted a second takeoff. The pilot continued beyond his previously selected rejection distance. The engine revolutions per minute (rpm) then reportedly decreased by about 150 rpm. The aircraft did not become airborne, and it ran into the low shoreline and crashed, skidding to a stop about 300 feet from the shore. An intense fire broke out immediately. The passengers and pilot evacuated the aircraft. Only one passenger suffered minor burns during the evacuation. Flames engulfed the main fuselage and engine, destroying the aircraft.The aircraft was on a flight from Harare to Johannesburg International Airport, cruising at FL350 when the aircraft was cleared inbound to HBV for landing on runway 03 at Johannesburg. The aircraft then started to descend approximately 90nm from JSV when the radar indicated two small cells in the vicinity of HBV. The pilot reduced the IAS to 250 knots and maneuvered the aircraft to the east of track to avoid these cells when he experienced light turbulence as the aircraft passed abeam the cells. Approximately 10 nm after passing the cells, the pilot experienced a severe updraft with the aircraft climbing between 1500 toThe Let was on a ferry flight from Sweden to Venezuela. It departed Linköping in Sweden, bound for Porto in Portugal. Over France at FL55 the no. 2 engine quit, followed by the no. 1 engine. A forced landing was carried out in a field. After 400 m the airplane collided with some trees. The airplane touched down about 1/3 beyond the approach end of runway 28, a 5,000 foot-long, asphalt runway. The captain applied light braking and attempted to actuate the thrust reversers; however, the reverser handles could not be moved beyond the 'Deploy-Reverse-Idle' position. After the captain cycled the levers two or three times, he began to apply maximum braking. The airplane overran the runway and came to rest on a plateau about 90 feet below the runway elevation.The MD-11F cargo plane, HL7373, was operating flight KE6316 from Shanghai's Honqiao Airport, China to Seoul, South Korea. The plane was loaded with 68 tons of cargo and pushed back from it's stand. Shanghai Tower then cleared the flight as follows: "Korean Air six three one six clear to destination flight planned route flight level two niner zero. After departure turn left direct to November Hotel Whiskey. Initially climb and maintain niner hundred meters. Departure frequency one one niner zero five. Squawk six three one six." The engines were started and the airplane taxied to runway 18. Shortly after 16:00 hours the flight was cleared for takeoff. After takeoff the first officer contacted Shanghai Departure and received clearance to climb to 1500 metres (4900 feet): "Korean Air six three one six now turn left direct to November Hotel Whiskey climb and maintain one thousand five hundred meters." Damaged beyond repair in a forced landing near a farm.A Saab 340B, N347BE, operated as Business Express flight 6240, was substantially damaged when a baggage belt-loader sliced through a portion of the fuselage, in an area under the cargo door. Written off during ground test at Tinker AFB, OK when pressurization test wrecked rear fuselage. At previous maintenance, the pressure relief valves were secured shut and not released afterwards.Written off during ground test at Tinker AFB, OK when pressurization test wrecked rear fuselage. At previous maintenance, the pressure relief valves were secured shut and not released afterwards.Written off during ground test at Tinker AFB, OK when pressurization test wrecked rear fuselage. At previous maintenance, the pressure relief valves were secured shut and not released afterwards.The Learjet operated on a training flight from São Paulo to Ribeirão Preto where the pilot was to conduct a revalidation of his pilot's licence.The Boeing 737 departed Adana at 00:36 for a flight to Jeddah to pick up Turkish pilgrims. Weather was poor when the plane crashed, nine minutes after takeoff. The wreckage was found to have been scattered over a 500sq feet area. Also, a 10 m deep hole was found at the point of impact.Twin Otter N838MA was being operated by Carib-Air Cargo Inc., on a VFR flight when it departed Lantana at 09:42. Some two minutes into the flight no. 2 oil pressure problems forced the pilot to shut down the engine, feather the prop. and returned to Lantana. As the flight approached runway 03, the pilot heardA Fokker F-28 Fellowship 4000 operating flight PX162 from Port Moresby-Jacksons International Airport (POM), PNG, was damaged in a landing accident at Goroka Airport (GKA). After a normal landing on runway 35L the left main wheels began to shimmy. The left main gear ultimately collapsed and the airplane veered off the left side of the runway.The EMB-110 Bandeirante passenger plane sustained substantial damage when it impacted rising terrain during takeoff from an unapproved runway at Tapauá, Brazil.A high rate of descent developed on final approach, and the plane touched down hard 12 feet short of the landing threshold. The left main landing gear separated after impacting the concrete foundation supporting the runway's approach lighting system.The Cessna crashed in the Kahuzi-Biega National Park near Bukavu. Some reports say the pilot and three passengers died and that the airplane was flying for Kivu Air.The Cessna crashed in the Kahuzi-Biega National Park near Bukavu. Some reports say the pilot and three passengers died and that the airplane was flying for Kivu Air.Air Philippines Flight 541 left Manila (MNL) at 05:21 and was due to land at Davao (DVO) around 06:45. At 06:56, while approaching Davao, the crew were told to discontinue the ILS runway 05 approach because of traffic on the runway (probably Philippine Airlines flight 809 which had just landed). A request to carry out a VOR/DME approach and landing in the opposite direction (runway 23) was approved by ATC. Last radio contact was at 07:01 when the pilot reported 7 miles out. Nothing more was heard from the flight when ATC tried to clear the flight to land around 07:03. The Boeing slammed into a coconut plantation in Mt. Kalangan, Sitio Camanlangan in Barangay San Isidro, disintegrated and caught fire. The accident site is around 500 feet above sea level; at that point the altitude of the aircraft should have been 1500 feet. Crashed and burned during takeoff. The aircraft was engaged in crop spraying flights in the area and was being ferried to a temporary airstrip.Lost control at a height of 5 m, fell into a field and burned immediately after takeoff.A major fire erupted in a warehouse on the Kinshasa Airport and spread to a cargo of ammunition, causing several explosions. Some 109 people on the ground are said to have been killed. Several aircraft were damaged or destroyed in the fire. They included a Congo Army Caravelle (9Q-CZZ), a Government of Congo Boeing 707 (9Q-CGC), two Canadair CL-44 planes (3C-ZPO and TN-235) and an Antonov 28 (9Q-CZL).A major fire erupted in a warehouse on the Kinshasa Airport and spread to a cargo of ammunition, causing several explosions. Some 109 people on the ground are said to have been killed. Several aircraft were damaged or destroyed in the fire. They included a Congo Army Caravelle (9Q-CZZ), a Government of Congo Boeing 707 (9Q-CGC), two Canadair CL-44 planes (3C-ZPO and TN-235) and an Antonov 28 (9Q-CZL).A major fire erupted in a warehouse on the Kinshasa Airport and spread to a cargo of ammunition, causing several explosions. Some 109 people on the ground are said to have been killed. Several aircraft were damaged or destroyed in the fire. They included a Congo Army Caravelle (9Q-CZZ), a Government of Congo Boeing 707 (9Q-CGC), two Canadair CL-44 planes (3C-ZPO and TN-235) and an Antonov 28 (9Q-CZL).A major fire erupted in a warehouse on the Kinshasa Airport and spread to a cargo of ammunition, causing several explosions. Some 109 people on the ground are said to have been killed. Several aircraft were damaged or destroyed in the fire. They included a Congo Army Caravelle (9Q-CZZ), a Government of Congo Boeing 707 (9Q-CGC), two Canadair CL-44 planes (3C-ZPO and TN-235) and an Antonov 28 (9Q-CZL).A major fire erupted in a warehouse on the Kinshasa Airport and spread to a cargo of ammunition, causing several explosions. Some 109 people on the ground are said to have been killed. Several aircraft were damaged or destroyed in the fire. They included a Congo Army Caravelle (9Q-CZZ), a Government of Congo Boeing 707 (9Q-CGC), two Canadair CL-44 planes (3C-ZPO and TN-235) and an Antonov 28 (9Q-CZL).The aircraft took off from La Paz-El Alto at 16:37 for a flight to Rurrenabaque. Six minutes into the flight, Upon reaching 14500 feet, the pilot reported an engine failure. An emergency landing was carried out on the Sarija hill. The Caravan overturned on impact.The aircraft took off from La Paz-El Alto at 16:37 for a flight to Rurrenabaque. Six minutes into the flight, Upon reaching 14500 feet, the pilot reported an engine failure. An emergency landing was carried out on the Sarija hill. The Caravan overturned on impact.The aircraft took off from La Paz-El Alto at 16:37 for a flight to Rurrenabaque. Six minutes into the flight, Upon reaching 14500 feet, the pilot reported an engine failure. An emergency landing was carried out on the Sarija hill. The Caravan overturned on impact.The aircraft took off from La Paz-El Alto at 16:37 for a flight to Rurrenabaque. Six minutes into the flight, Upon reaching 14500 feet, the pilot reported an engine failure. An emergency landing was carried out on the Sarija hill. The Caravan overturned on impact.While cruising at 6500 feet the engine lost power and came to a "screeching halt". The propeller stopped and feathered. All attempts by the pilot to restore the engine power failed. Approximately 13.5 minutes after the loss of engine power, procedures to ditch the airplane were followed and the airplane collided with the water 20 miles east off Ft. Lauderdale and sank in 3,000 feet (920 m) of water. No attempts to recover the airplane will be made.While cruising at 6500 feet the engine lost power and came to a "screeching halt". The propeller stopped and feathered. All attempts by the pilot to restore the engine power failed. Approximately 13.5 minutes after the loss of engine power, procedures to ditch the airplane were followed and the airplane collided with the water 20 miles east off Ft. Lauderdale and sank in 3,000 feet (920 m) of water. No attempts to recover the airplane will be made.A Lockheed Hercules, N401LC, sustained substantial damage during landing at the Lake Minchumina Airport, Alaska. The airplane was being operated as an instrument (IFR) cross-country cargo flight. The crew of the airplane, consisting of the captain, first officer, flight engineer, and a load master, were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and an IFR flight plan was filed. The flight originated at the Anchorage-Ted Stevens International Airport, Alaska, about 08:00.A Lockheed Hercules, N401LC, sustained substantial damage during landing at the Lake Minchumina Airport, Alaska. The airplane was being operated as an instrument (IFR) cross-country cargo flight. The crew of the airplane, consisting of the captain, first officer, flight engineer, and a load master, were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and an IFR flight plan was filed. The flight originated at the Anchorage-Ted Stevens International Airport, Alaska, about 08:00.Heavy landing; damaged beyond repair. The aircraft has withdrawn from use and was used as a emergency forces training rig at TLV.Heavy landing; damaged beyond repair. The aircraft has withdrawn from use and was used as a emergency forces training rig at TLV.Widerøe flight WF954 departed Alta at 15:22 for a flight to Båtsfjord. The Localizer/DME approach to runway 21 at Båtsfjord was flown by the co-pilot. After passing the missed approach point the captain took over control because they lost sight of the runway. The approach was continued but the airplane touched down hard on the right hand main gear, which collapsed. The aircraft was shipped to Bodø August 26, 2001 and broken up.Widerøe flight WF954 departed Alta at 15:22 for a flight to Båtsfjord. The Localizer/DME approach to runway 21 at Båtsfjord was flown by the co-pilot. After passing the missed approach point the captain took over control because they lost sight of the runway. The approach was continued but the airplane touched down hard on the right hand main gear, which collapsed. The aircraft was shipped to Bodø August 26, 2001 and broken up.The flight departed Newton City at 11:55 on a test flight which was to establish a performance baseline prior to a modification to the aircraft. The purpose of the modification was the development of a new supplemental type certificate (STC). The test flight profile was to execute a high-speed dive to verify and establish the vibration and buffeting characteristics of the unmodified aircraft prior to a delta-fin modification to the aft-fuselage. The test flight was determined to be a high risk. The flight crew reported that during the high-speed descent, at approximately 24,000 feet, the control yoke began to vibrate rapidly for approximately 3-5 seconds after which elevator control was lost. After declaring an emergency the crew diverted to Salina. Pitch control was established by using horizontal stabilizer pitch trim. The flight crew reported that during final approach to the runway the aircraft nose began to drop and that the flying pilot was unable to raise the nose using a combination of horizontal stabilizer trim and engine power. The aircraft landed short of the runway, striking an airport perimeter fence and a berm.A Boeing 727 operating for the UN World Food Programme (WFP) was descending into Luena at FL150 when the no. 2 engine was struck by a missile. The crew managed to carry out a safe emergency landing. WFP suspended operations in the area for six days following the incident. The aircraft was ferried to Luanda for repairs on June 17.A Gates Learjet 24A, N805NA, made a hard landing at Victorville Airport, California. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) was operating the airplane as a public-use flight. The local training flight departed Edwards Air Force Base, California, about 10:55.A Beechcraft B300C Super King Air 350, registration F-GOAE, departed from Le Mans-Arnage Airport (LME), France to Santiago De Compostela Airport (SCQ), Spain on a cargo flight according to instrument flight rules. Near the destination airport, the meteorological conditions were reported to be good, and the crew requested a visual approach to runway 17, even though the active runway was 35.Following a cargo flight to Jersey, the aircraft was to be flown back to Bournemouth. As part of his line training, the first officer would be the handling pilot. The aircraft taxied for departure from the full length of runway 27 and the takeoff and initial climb progressed normally. Some 17 seconds after lift off, the first officer requested 'climb power' and the commander then proceeded to reduce the fuel trimmers towards the climb power setting. At this point the crew heard a loud 'bang' and the left engine Fire Warning activated. The FO continued to control the aircraft, keeping it straight against the potential yaw and maintaining a climb profile. The commander shut down the engine, feathered the propeller and activated the fire extinguishers for the engine. He instructed the first officer to climb to 1,500 feet and make a left turn to conduct a visual left hand circuit to land back at Jersey. A mayday call was made to Jersey Tower informing them of the problem and the commander's intentions. On the downwind leg, the commander took over the handling of the aircraft and conducted a single engine approach and landing on runway 27, which was carried out uneventfully.An Antonov 2 biplane was destroyed when it crashed on the banks of the Akhtuba River, Volgograd Region, Russia. All three on board were killed. The airplane was returning to the airport after parachutists had jumped from the plane. On board were the pilot, a parachutist instructor and a passenger. Probably sitting in the right seat the unfastened passenger slid off the chair and leaned on a control column. The plane went into a nosedive at an altitude of 1000 meters. It impacted the ground at a speed of 310 km/h.Overran into trees after aborting takeoff due to no. 2 engine bird ingestion.Overran into trees after aborting takeoff due to no. 2 engine bird ingestion.The aircraft took off from Cúcuta-Camilo Daza Airport in Colombia for a domestic flight to El Yopal. On board were three crew members and five passengers. The cargo consisted of two loads totalling 2500 kgs. The crew filed a VFR flight plan with a cruising altitude of 11500 feet.Flight 960 operated under a defense visual flight rules flight plan and departed Goose Bay for Davis Inlet at 08:15 AST. During the first approach, the first officer had occasional visual glimpses of the snow on the surface. The captain descended the aircraft to the minimum descent altitude (MDA) of 1340 feet asl. When the crew did not acquire the required visual references at the missed approach point, they executed a missed approach. On the second approach, the captain flew outbound from the beacon at 3000 feet asl until turning on the inbound track. It was decided that if visual contact of the surface was made at any time during the approach procedure, they would continue below the MDA in anticipation of the required visual references. The captain initiated a constant descent at approximately 1500 feet per minute with 10 degrees flap selected. The FO occasionally caught glimpses of the surface. At MDA, in whiteout conditions, the captain continued the descent. In the final stages of the descent, the FO acquired visual ground contact; 16 seconds before impact, the captain also acquired visual ground contact. At 8 seconds before impact, the crew selected maximum propeller revolutions per minute. The aircraft struck the ice in controlled flight two nm from the airport. The aircraft was destroyed with wing and partial fuselage separation, and other incursion damage. The tail section where the ELT was mounted was badly damaged. Aircraft parts and cargo were scattered over the ice. The co-pilot was found approximately 20 feet from the main wreckage. He had expired before searchers reached the scene. The pilot was located in the rear of the aircraft, apparently thrown there during the crash sequence. He was semi-conscious with serious injuries. There was no fire.Korean Air Flight KE-1533 departed Seoul-Gimpo Airport (SEL), South Korea at 10:55 for a domestic flight to Pohang (KPO). Weather at Pohang was poor with rain and gusty variable winds.An ATR-42-320 passenger plane sustained substantial damage un an engine fire accident at Mucuri Airport, BA (MVS), Brazil.At the appropriate time during the approach sequence, the co-pilot of the Boeing 737, who was the handling pilot for the sector, called for the landing gear to be extended. When the pilot in command placed the landing gear lever to the "down" position, a loud thump was heard and the "gear safe" green light for the right main gear illuminated immediately. This was followed by the illumination of the left main and nose landing gear lights, consistent with a normal extension sequence. The aircraft rolled approximately 4 degrees to the right while the gear was extending. This was counteracted by a left roll control input.The aircraft was on approach to New Delhi runway 10 when it crashed into a concrete water tank. The tank was located in the Pappankalan Delhi suburb, located 1,5 miles short of the runway. A Swearingen SA226-TC Metro II, N151SA, operating as Superior Aviation flight 1828, and another Swearingen SA226TC, N328BA, operating as HKA flight 1810, both owned and operated by Superior Aviation, collided while taxiing at Denver International Airport, Colorado. There were no injuries.A Swearingen SA226-TC Metro II, N151SA, operating as Superior Aviation flight 1828, and another Swearingen SA226TC, N328BA, operating as HKA flight 1810, both owned and operated by Superior Aviation, collided while taxiing at Denver International Airport, Colorado. There were no injuries.Air France flight 6745 had taken off from Paris and was on its way to Chennai (MAA) after some enroute stops at Karachi (KHI) and Bangalore (BLR). The cargo plane carried 66 tonnes of cargo, that included three foreign cars, 20 tonnes of ITC cigarettes, chemicals and garments. A Douglas DC-9-15F, N195US, operated by USA Jet Airlines encountered a flock of snow geese, while on final approach for landing at Kansas City International Airport, Missouri. During the encounter, several birds were ingested into both engines, resulting in a severe power loss. The pilot managed to regain enough thrust on one engine to continue the approach and land the airplane without further incident. Night visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the encounter. The flight originated at Los Angeles, California, at 18:25 pacific standard time (pst), and was en route to Kansas City, Missouri.An Italian male hijacker claimed to have an explosive device in his carry-on bag that he could detonate using a remote control. After the flight landed at Paris-CDG, he demanded a televised news conference to promote his new political movement for the unification of Europe. The hijacker surrendered after several hours of negotiations; he was later determined to be mentally ill.Air France Flight 7638 was cleared to land on Biarritz' runway 27. Wind was reported 280 deg at 15 kts with gusts to 30 kts. The airplane touched down softly on its left main gear 5 metres left of the runway centreline. The spoilers activated after the right main gear touched the ground, two seconds later. Channel Express Flight 6526 departed Köln/Bonn Airport (CGN) at 03:00 hours and routed directly to Dublin, where, after more than one hours delay due to the late arrival of a freight truck, the aircraft departed for Shannon Airport at 08:16. The total freight on board was 14,000 lb (6350 kg), less than half the 33,000 lb (14970 kg) maximum amount permissible. Shannon Approach vectored the aircraft on an approach to runway 24. Due to the weather forecast for Shannon the crew decided to conduct the landing with 78% flaps set, rather than the standard 100% flap normally set for landing. Slowing the aircraft to Vma (Maximum Manoeuvering Airspeed) the crew did not carry out the "before landing" checks. Whilst over the runway threshold the gear warning horn sounded and five seconds later the crew heard a scraping sound and felt severe aircraft vibrations. Realising that the gear was not down the captain called for a go-around. The First Officer continued to fly the aircraft and was cleared to 3000 feet by ATC. During the climb out the propeller assembly and part of No. 3 engine fell to the ground. Electrical power was lost and the only serviceable flight instruments available to the crew was the standby artificial horizon and wet compass. The First Officer relinquished control of the aircraft to the captain who had great difficulty in maintaining directional control and it took the combined efforts of both pilotsCheck ride out of Opa Locka. While on finals to runway 36 the plane pitched up, the right wing dropped, and the airplane struck trees right wing low. The Learjet traveled through the trees, struck wires, caught fire, and impacted on a hard surface road.An Atlas Air Boeing 747 (N534MC) suffered an uncontained No. 1 engine failure while climbing through 400 feet after takeoff. The aircraft leveled at 817 feet and the crew declared an emergency. Fuel was dumped and the plane returned to Guayaquil.The aircraft crashed after takeoff in instrument conditions (fog). The pilot was not qualified for IFR flights.The plane was chartered by the air force from a Ukrainian company (Avialinii AAR) to transport troops including soldiers wounded in recent fighting with Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels. Unconfirmed reports said the crew had reported engine trouble 10 minutes before it crashed.The B737 aircraft was on a charter flight for LTU from Tenerife, when a 38-year-old man, whose motive was unknown, attacked the pilot-in-command. The perpetrator allegedly forced his way into the cockpit while the aircraft was still in Spanish airspace and began attacking the pilot. Approached a private airport in IMC. Impacted a tree approximately 4,000 feet from airport in an upright position and impacted the ground in an inverted position.The Antonov, leased from a Ukrainian company, suffered a brake failure on takeoff as the crew attempted to avoid a hole in the runway. The Antonov lost directional control and ran off the runway. It struck another hole and broke in two.Sky Cabs flight SCB 701 originated in Colombo-Bandaranaike International Airport (CMB), Sri Lanka at 01:40 hours. It landed in Bangkok-Don Muang International Airport (BKK), Thailand after an uneventful flight.Crashed in flames in bad weather.IAI Astra C-FRJZ departed on a night-time flight to the private airstrip at Fox Harbour, NS.The captain was the flying pilot for the night landing on runway 01 in IMC, with a right cross wind from 110 degrees at 14 gusting 18 knots, drizzle, and a wet runway. Prior to starting the approach, the flightcrew determined that the landing approach speed (Vref) and the approach speed (Vapp) were 122 and 128 knots, respectively. The airplane flying on autopilot passed the middle marker at 200 feet AGL at 130 knots on the ILS approach. Approximately 3 seconds after the first officer called "runway in sight twelve o'clock," the captain disconnected the autopilot, while at a radio altitude of 132 feet and on a heading of approximately 18 degrees. Within approximately 11 seconds after the autopilot disconnect, the glideslope and localizer deviation increased. The first officer called "runway over there." Approximately 5 seconds before touchdown, the airplane rolled right, then left, then right. The airplane crossed the threshold at an altitude of 35 feet and 130 knots and touched down 2,802 feet from the approach end of the 5,495-foot runway (844-foot displaced threshold) at 125 knots. The Saab 340 overran the runway and struck a ditch 175 feet beyond the departure end of the runway. The aircraft was reportedly considered damaged beyond repair and used for spares.With about 1 km to go before touchdown at Goma, the Antonov encountered windshear. The pilot executed a go around procedure but the aircraft's descent could not be arrested. It belly landed left of the runway.The flight was cleared for a visual approach to runway 17C. The approach was flown visually, backed up with the localizer and Precision Approach Path Indicator (PAPI). The approach was stable and the touchdown was normal. The captain reported that upon initial touchdown, a "loud bang" was heard, the right wing went down, and the aircraft started to move to the right. The pilots were able to maintain control of the airplane with rudder control and brought the airplane to a stop on the runway. Initial examination of the airplane and runway revealed that the lower portion of the right main landing gear assembly separated from the airplane. Fractured portions of the outer case of the gear strut assembly were found on the runway. The inner piston was found on the right side of the runway with the scissor and wheel assembly attached to it. The airplane came to rest 4,300 feet from its initial touchdown point. The right wing sustained structural damage. The forward spar of the right wing between stations 12,375 and 13,550 was damaged.First Air flight 953 departed Edmonton at 11:30. As the aircraft approached Yellowknife, the spoilers were armed, and the aircraft was configured for a visual approach and landing on runway 33. The computed Vref was 128 knots, and target speed was 133 knots. While in the landing flare, the aircraft entered a higher-than-normal sink rate, and the pilot flying (the first officer) corrected with engine power and nose-up pitch. The aircraft touched down on the main landing gear and bounced twice. While the aircraft was in the air, the captain took control and lowered the nose to minimize the bounce. The aircraft landed on its nose landing-gear, then on the main gear. The aircraft initially touched down about 1300 feet from the approach end of runway 33. During the third touchdown on the nose landing-gear, the left nose-tire burst. The aircraft was taxied to the ramp and shut down. The aircraft was substantially damaged.The An-12 entered a spin and crashed into a swamp, 7 minutes after takeoff from Rzhev Air Base.Crashed after reaching an altitude of just 100 feet. The CN-235 plane was one of eight that was being modified for use by the Turkish Navy, and was on its final test flight.Immediately after takeoff, the aircraft made a descending right turn and crashed in a field, 300 m past the runway. Unconfirmed reports say the no. 2 engine may have malfunctioned.The Yak-40 departed Tehran at 06:45 for a flight to Gorgan where a new airport was to be opened. The aircraft carried Iranian Transport Minister Rahman Dadman, two deputy ministers, and seven members of parliament. Poor weather at Gorgan reportedly forced the crew to divert to Sari.Control was lost at FL170 and the aircraft crashed. Other reports claim the aircraft was registered 006 (with c/n 006).Several airliners were damaged when a hailstorm struck Eppley Airport. Boeing 727 N7274U suffered substantial damage and was flown to Victorville, CA to be withdrawn from use.On finals to runway 08 the 727 struck an earth mound located some 100 m short of the runway threshold. The resulting damage to the right main undercarriage caused it to collapse after touchdown.An automatic landing on runway 27 was carried out with the first officer being the pilot flying. The right main landing gear failed immediately upon touchdown. The aircraft slid along the runway and came to a halt some 1,600 metres further on, resting on its right flaps, slats and wingtip. An emergency evacuation was carried out. Examination of the aircraft showed that the right main gear strut cylinder had fractured below the attachment trunnions, releasing the wheels/axle assembly back into the flaps and wing/fuselage fairing. The lower portion of the failed cylinder remained attached only by the sidestay. A closer inspection revealed the presence of an anomaly on the forward outer surface of the cylinder fracture, which subsequent examination identified as a fatigue crack measuring approximately 3.5 mm long and 1.1 mm deep.Caravan N948FE was owned by Federal Express and operated by Corporate Air as Airspur Flight 8810 (CPT8810) when it departed Casper (CPR) at 07:44 for a cargo flight to Steamboat Springs. At 08:32, the pilot requested the VOR/DME-C instrument approach to the Steamboat Springs Airport (SBS) runway 32. The flight was cleared for the approach via the BQZ (Robert VORTAC) 280 degrees radial 9 DME fix. At 08:39, the pilot was advised that radar services were terminated and frequency change was approved. The pilot's acknowledgement of the clearance was the last radio contact with the flight. At 08:34 the Caravan impacted against the side of Emerald Mountain at an elevation of 7864 feet (2406 m). Airfield elevation is 6878 feet (2104 m).The DC-9-31, N9333, operated by Northwest Airlines as flight NW682, was substantially damaged when it was struck by an aircraft tug during passenger boarding. The flight was parked at gate D3 at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International/Wold-Chamberlain Airport, Minnesota and was bound for the Philadelphia International Airport, Pennsylvania. No injuries were reported. The driver of the tug and a food service worker received minor injuries.The Caravan was chartered to fly a party of eight to Estancia La Cristina. Among the passengers were the president of the Techint company and the managing editor of the La Nacion newspaper. The flight was planned to depart April 26, but was postponed to the 28th. The airplane was hangared ready to depart. The flight finally departed early in the morning from San Fernando's runway 24. Baires Control cleared the pilot to climb to FL60. After reaching that altitude the pilot requested permission to fly direct to the Padex waypoint and climb to FL 080. Permission was granted. At 04:54 the pilot requested another climb clearance for FL100 to get out of the clouds. This was allowed after conflicting traffic had crossed his path. Because icing conditions existed at that altitude, a further climb to FL120 was requested and obtained. The Cessna apparently lost control, spiralled down and crashed in rugged farm country.The Cessna Caravan was carrying 11 skydivers and climbed to FL140. As the first team of four exited the aircraft, the middle parachutist’s reserve parachute’s pilot chute deployed. Due to the bent over position of that parachutist, the action of the ejector spring in the pilot chute pushed the chute upwards and over the horizontal stabiliser of the aircraft, pulling the reserve canopy with it. The parachutist passed below the horizontal stabiliser resulting in the reserve parachute risers and lines tangling around the left elevator and horizontal stabiliser. Eleven seconds later, the empennage separated from the aircraft and the left elevator and the parachutist separated from the empennage. The aircraft then entered a steep, nose-down spiral descent. The pilot instructed the remaining parachutists to abandon the aircraft; the last one left the aircraft at an altitude of 9,000 feet. The pilot transmitted a mayday call, shutdown the engine and left his seat. On reaching the rear of the cabin, he found that the roller blind had closed, preventing him from leaving the aircraft. After several attempts, the pilot raised the blind sufficiently to allow him to exit the aircraft, and at an altitude of approximately 1,000 feet agl, he deployed his parachute and landed safely.The Antonov was prepared for an agricultural flight, carrying 1200 liters of toxic chemicals. Shortly after takeoff the engine rpm dropped. The crew attempted to restart the engine, but they failed. A forced landing was carried out in a field during which the wing contacted some trees. It appeared that a certain nonethylated motor gasoline was used, which was not to be used with the engine type installed in this An-2. The airplane had flown some 25 hours on this fuel until the crew noticed a pressure drop in the fuel system. An obstructed filter was replaced. Some 27 hours later the engine failed on the incident flight.The Antonov 12 was hijacked by nine Ethiopian students armed with hand grenades and pistols. They demanded to be taken to Khartoum, where the plane landed at 18:20. After nine hours the hijackers surrendered.On April 23, 2001 Caravan N974FE was returned to service after a 100-hour maintenance inspection. The airplane had accrued 5 hours of flight time since that date when it departed from Plattsburgh (PLB) on April 26. During the climb after takeoff, approximately 1,000 to 1,500 feet above the ground, the airplane's engine spooled down smoothly and gradually. The pilot was not able to restore power. A forced landing was made, during which the Caravan nosed over.The aircraft was flying over a cultivated field at a height of 5 m when the tail fin struck a high-voltage power line.During landing at the end of the preceding flight, the aircraft overran the runway and struck an obstacle, damaging the propeller. In spite of this, the pilot, who was on an urgent medical mission, decided to take off. Thrust was inadequate, making it impossible to accelerate and climb after takeoff. During an attempted forced landing, the aircraft struck trees.Carrying 32tons of paint and medical supplies for Guinee, the Ilyushin freighter tried to takeoff from Oostende. During the takeoff roll the crew noticed an engine fire warning and aborted. The aircraft overran the runway by 40 m and came to rest in a field with its nosegear collapsed and the left wingtip touching the ground. The aircraft is presumably damaged beyond repair.The Hercules was participating in a night exfiltration mission to remove U.S. Army Special Forces troops from the area when it tried to take off from an improved airstrip at Sardeh Band. The plane impacted the ground and crashed in a barren area, 2.5 nautical miles from the airstrip.The Friendship was being used for a touch-and-go training flight. On the second leg immediately after touch down the pilot tried to take off but reported having difficulties in raising the flaps from the 40 deg. to the 16,5 deg (take off) position. The captain decided to reject the take off. The tyres burst while braking and the aircraft drifted to the right, went off the runway and came to rest at the glide slope antenna for runway 18. Both nose and right hand maingear collapsed during the overrun. The no. 2 engine and propeller as well as the fuselage suffered substantial damage.An Airbus A300-600F, N681FE, owned and operated as Flight 1255 by FedEx Express, experienced a tail strike during a rejected takeoff (RTO) at the El Paso International Airport (ELP), Texas. The captain and first officer were not injured, and the airplane sustained substantial damage. Bright night visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the scheduled flight. Skidded off runway. A few minutes after departure on a flight to Addis Ababa, two passengers who managed to bring a model explosive and two small knives on board attempted to hijack the aircraft. Both perpetrators were shot by in-flight security personnel. During the incident, one cabin crew member was injured. The aircraft and all passengers onboard arrived at the intended destination safely.Weather at Lovozero was favourable with a wind from 130 degrees at 3 m/s, visibility 10 km, 1-2 octas clouds at 700 m, temperature +8 degrees C, and a pressure of 749 mm Hg. Flaps were extended to 20 degrees as the Antonov was prepared for takeoff on a 73 degrees heading. Just after lifting off the runway, at a height of 15-20 m smoke emitted from the engine. The engine rpm dropped. A forced landing was attempted and the pilot shut down the engine. The Antonov struck an eight-metre high tree at a distance of 191 metres past the runway and crashed into trees, coming to rest 58 metres further on.Flight 970 experienced a gradual loss of power in both of its engines while in cruise flight at flight level 330. The aural stall warning and stick shaker activated, following which the pilots disengaged the autopilot, turned on the engines’ ignition, activated the engines’ anti-ice system, and initiated a descent towards Wichita. The pilots shut down the right engine when its exhaust gas temperature (EGT) increased to about 600 ° Celsius and were able to restart it again on the second attempt at about 17,000 feet. The left engine recovered on its own shortly thereafter. The flight then diverted to the Wichita Mid-Continent Airport where it landed safely.An Airquarius HS-748 plane departed Bloemfontein for a mail flight to George around 04:00. The crew allowed a passenger to board the flight. Hansie Cronje, a former South African cricket captain who had missed a South African Airlines flight. Weather was poor at George and the crew reportedly missed their first approach. The aircraft crashed in the rugged Outeniqua mountains at an altitude of about 1000 meters, near the Outeniqua Pass while manoeuvering for another approach.A Boeing 737-3H4 passenger jet, registered N343SW, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Amarillo International Airport, TX (AMA), USA. All 63 passengers and five crew members survived. The airplane operated on a flight from Las Vegas-McCarran International Airport, NV (LAS) to Amarillo International Airport, TX (AMA).A de Havilland Canada DHC-3 Otter, registered C-GGON, sustained substantial damage in an accident 4 km east of Lac du Bonnet, MB, Canada. All three passengers and the pilot survived. The airplane operated on a flight from Lac du Bonnet, MB to George Lake, MB.A Learjet U-36A plane, serial 9202, was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Iwakuni MCAS, Japan. All four crew members were killed. The airplane operated on a local flight out of Iwakuni MCAS.The aircraft entered unfavourable meteorological conditions (precipitation and icing) some 18 minutes after takeoff. The engine failed and a forced landing was carried out in a wooded swampy area.The aircraft entered unfavourable meteorological conditions (precipitation and icing) some 18 minutes after takeoff. The engine failed and a forced landing was carried out in a wooded swampy area.The plane had flown from Luanda to deliver fuel to a military depot in Menongue. The Antonov had technical problems before landing in Menongue and the crew tried to fly it to another city for repairs.Reportedly damaged beyond repair within the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The aircraft was on a flight from Chengdu to Wenzhou and was approaching Wenzhou when, at 1000 m, the flaps were extended. At that moment, the aircraft suddenly pitched down and dove into the ground out of control. The Tupolev crashed into a farm field and exploded, causing a 200x100 feet hole in the ground. Several farmers were injured by the flying debris. 	On February 22, 1999, about 1455 eastern standard time, a Boeing 757, N682DA, operated by Delta Air Lines as flight 338, penetrated a flock of birds during takeoff from Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport, Kentucky. The airplane was substantially damaged. There were no injuries. The Beechcraft landed at Frankfurt runway 25L with its landing gear retracted. The crew did not use the Before Landing checklist and silenced the landing gear warning horn when it sounded.A Mitsubishi MU-300, N110DS, overran runway 32 (5,680'x100') at the Columbus Municipal Airport, Nebraska, while landing. The pilot-in-command, co-pilot, and six passengers were not injured. The airplane was substantially damaged. The flight originated from San Jose, California, at 07:00 pacific standard time.A Grumman G-1159 Gulfstream II, N711TE, sustained substantial damage when it departed the end of runway 16R after landing at the Van Nuys, California, airport. The captain, first officer, cabin attendant, and sole passenger were not injured. The airplane departed Montrose, Colorado, at 13:35 mountain standard time on the non-stop cross-country flight to Van Nuys. The aircraft landed hot and downwind. It failed to stop on the runway and overran down through some tree stumps. The airstrip is located roughly 100nm NNW of Malakal. The aircraft carried freight for the SPLA troops in the Nuba mountains.At 15:36 the Airbus 320 contacted Montpellier approach and reported descending through FL140. The crew were told to continue to VOR Fréjorgues and descend to FL80. FL80 was reached at 15:39. At the same time a Grob G.103 glider plane (F-CGXB) was flying nearby at the same altitude. Both were on a collision course and the A.320 captain took avoiding action by banking to the right. The left wing of the Airbus collided with the Grob's horizontal stabilizer. Both aircraft managed to make a safe landing.The flight departed Tonopah at 09:30 for a 73-mile VFR flight to Bishop. The aircraft was not carrying cargo at the time of the accident. The Beech failed to arrive at the destination; search efforts were initiated and the wreckage was subsequently found February 14 on the eastern slopes of White Mountain in the Inyo National Forest at 9,500 feet. A Beech 1900D, N148SK, sustained substantial damage following an in-flight impact with a Canadian goose. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The 2 crew members and 12 passengers reported no injuries. The flight departed Grand Rapids-Kent County International, Michigan, at 10:53 CST, and was en route to Milwaukee-General Mitchell International, Wisconsin.Flight 91 departed Anchorage at 21:45 for an IFR cargo flight to Saint Mary's. The pilot was cleared for a runway 16 LOC/DME approach at 23:25. Ten minutes later the aircraft crashed and broke into three. The pilot seats were found 50feet in front of the cockpit section. The wreckage was found at 04:00 the following morning.Four Chinese nationals, who had earlier hijacked airplanes from mainland China to Taiwan and were being repatriated on a chartered DHC-8 plane. Just before landing at Kinmen (KNH), one of the four men asked to see a Taiwanese official seated in the front of the plane. As the plane was landing, the official was stabbed in the neck with a sharpened part of a metal door handle. The attacker was subsequently overpowered by police, and the flight landed safely. Police later found similar crude weapons and razor blades hidden on the other three prisoners, in the lining of their clothing or in the soles of their shoes. The men reportedly staged an argument among themselves prior to leaving the detention center in order to avoid a body search, which would have revealed their weapons.Ground collision with Russian VIP Ilyushin 96. The aircraft was damaged beyond repair.The Electra plane was rented by the Congolese Armed Forces to transport fuel to Mbandaka. The aircraft, 6 tonnes overloaded, also carried live ammunition The owner of the Boeing 707 freighter had leased the aircraft to a Belgian charter broker around June 1998 to operate fish charter flights between Mwanza and Vienna. The aircraft was in fact seen on many other airports, Bratislava, Ostrava, and Lumumbashi for instance. At the time of the accident the plane is understood to have had a long list of 32 faults that needed urgent repair. Problems included a limited EGT of no. 1 and 4 engines; no. 3 engine constant speed drive (CSD) gearbox was consuming a 'massive amount of oil'; no. 1 engine CSD generator missing; no. 2 engine required bleed on takeoff and above FL330; left wing leading edge cracked and leaking; no. 4 fuel tank and reserve tank gauge not working. On February 7 the plane was to fly to N'Djamena. During the takeoff roll the no. 2 and 3 engines failed. The takeoff was aborted, but the 707 overran the runway and came to rest 200 m past the runway end.The owner of the Boeing 707 freighter had leased the aircraft to a Belgian charter broker around June 1998 to operate fish charter flights between Mwanza and Vienna. The aircraft was in fact seen on many other airports, Bratislava, Ostrava, and Lumumbashi for instance. At the time of the accident the plane is understood to have had a long list of 32 faults that needed urgent repair. Problems included a limited EGT of no. 1 and 4 engines; no. 3 engine constant speed drive (CSD) gearbox was consuming a 'massive amount of oil'; no. 1 engine CSD generator missing; no. 2 engine required bleed on takeoff and above FL330; left wing leading edge cracked and leaking; no. 4 fuel tank and reserve tank gauge not working. On February 7 the plane was to fly to N'Djamena. During the takeoff roll the no. 2 and 3 engines failed. The takeoff was aborted, but the 707 overran the runway and came to rest 200 m past the runway end.Crashed 15 minutes after taking off from Hoskins en route to Kandrian. It broke-up in mid-air after encountering severe weather and crashed into a oil palm plantation in flat terrain.Touched down about 2,640 feet down the 5,425-foot long runway 24. The airplane impacted the localizer antenna, went through a fence, crossed a 2-lane road, struck 3 vehicles, continued into a parking lot, impacting concrete barriers.On the day of the accident, the Embraer Bandeirante aircraft was engaged in a charter operation for the Central Bank of Nigeria. The first segment of the flight from Lagos (LOS) to Abuja (ABV) was flown by the Commander. The aircraft departed Lagos about 06:30 hours UTC and initially at cruise, the crew had a momentary problem setting power on the starboard engine after which the flight continued normally to Abuja. The DC-3 was chartered to transport building materials to Ennadai Lake and was on the second flight of the day. The ice strip on the lake was 2700 feet approximate in length, 150 feet wide. The aircraft was observed to touch down nearly halfway along the ice strip, the tail of the aircraft remained in the air, and the aircraft took off almost immediately. The main landing gear was seen to retract. The aircraft reached the end of the runway then abruptly entered a steep, nose-up attitude, banked sharply to the left, turned left, and descended into the ice. The left wing made first contact with the ice. The aircraft rotated around the left wing and struck the ice in a steep, nose-down attitude about 400 feet from the end of the ice strip.The AeroPerlas Twin Otter departed Aeropuerto Marcos A. Gelabert at 08:46 for a flight of about 55 minutes to Puerto Obaldia. The aircraft disappeared some 20 minutes prior to the ETA. En route altitude was 7500 feet and weather conditions allowed VFR. At first the aircraft was thought to have been hijacked to Colombia. On March 22 however a search party aboard HP-1355 found the wreckage on a mountainside 12.5nm from Puerto Obaldia at 11:35. The wreckage was found at the 2500 feet level of a 2790 feet high mountain.A male passenger on board an Alaska Airlines MD-83 aircraft en route to Portland, Oregon, via San Francisco, forced open the cockpit door, assaulted the co-pilot and attempted to take control of the aircraft. The co-pilot sustained injuries to his hand, but crew members and several passengers subdued the perpetrator, who was arrested when the aircraft landed in San Francisco.After arrival from a flight from Beijing, baggage handlers were unloading 80 canisters weighing 2,000 kg when they were hit by the strong toxic fumes. Five ground handlers became ill while unloading the canisters.It was snowing in Moscow as the Vologodskiye Airlines Yakovlev 40 was prepared for departure. It was to conduct a charter flight to Kiev for the company Aeroteks. Snow was removed from the fuselage, wings and tail section, but de-icing fluid was not applied to the airplane. Planned departure time was 08:00 but the passengers arrived late. At 08:28, just within the 30-minute time slot, the crew asked for permission to start the engines. The crew then apparently tried to leave in a hurry, starting to taxi without permission and taxiing at a speed of 60 km/h, despite the warning that the taxiways were slippery. When still turning onto the main runway the crew already reported ready for takeoff. Flaps were erroneously selected at 11 degrees instead of 20 degrees. At a speed of 165 km/h during takeoff the began to rotate the aircraft. It attained a 13-degree angle of attack and climbed to a height of 8-10 metres when it stalled. The airplane rolled left and struck the ground with a 60-65 degree bank angle and crashed.Flight 1455 was vectored for a visual approach to runway 08 with a restriction to remain at or above 3,000 feet amsl until passing the Van Nuys VOR beacon, located about 6 miles from the runway. Radar data suggest that the flight began its descent from 3,000 feet about 4 miles from the runway. FDR data suggest that the flight's descent angle from 3,000 feet to touchdown was in excess of 6 degrees. In comparison, the ILS flight path angle for runway 08 is 3 degrees. The crew was cleared to land by Burbank Tower and also advised that the wind was from 210 degrees at six knots. Touchdown speed was 182 knots. The aircraft could not be stopped on the remaining runway length and overran. It crashed through the perimeter fence at a speed of 32 knots and ended up on a highway. During the accident sequence, the forward service door (1R) escape slide inflated inside the airplane; the nose gear collapsed; and the forward dual flight attendant jumpseat, which was occupied by two flight attendants, partially collapsed.A McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30F, N302FE, operated by Federal Express, was substantially damaged during pushback at Newark International Airport (EWR), New Jersey. During the descent for Fuzhou (FOC), during a domestic flight from Nanchang (KHN), a man pulled out a bottle of gasoline, a cigarette lighter and a knife. He demanded that the aircraft be flown to Taiwan. Chinese security officers overpowered the hijacker and the plane landed safely at Fuzhou Airport.Damaged beyond repair.Aquaplaned off runway 29 on landing and ended up in a ditch.Crashed.EgyptAir flight MS880 suffered a landing accident at Harare Airport, Zimbabwe. The aircraft, a Boeing 767-366ER, touched down on runway 23 following a VOR/DME approach. A Fokker 100, N1403M, operated by American Airlines as Flight 1801, was parked at gate K-17 at the Chicago-O'Hare International Airport, Illinois, when it was struck by a refueling truck. The truck driver received serious injuries. Four passengers and two flight attendants received minor injuries. The airplane received substantial damage, as did the truck. An armed prisoner hijacked an Aerotaca Colombia plane, forced it to land at a remote airstrip, and then fled into the jungle with a hostage. The Beechcraft 1900 aircraft was carrying 17 passengers and two crew members on a domestic flight from Bucaramanga to Cúcuta. The prisoner was escorted aboard the plane by two armed police guards but was not handcuffed. Approximately eight minutes after takeoff from Palo Negro Airport, the hijacker produced a knife. He forced the pilots to land the plane at an airstrip near El Tornillo, located approximately 150 kilometers north of Bogota. The hijacker then fled into the jungle, taking one of the guards as a hostage. A right-wing paramilitary unit observed the plane land at the airstrip, chased and killed the hijacker, and released the hostage.The DC-8-63F airplane operated on a cargo flight from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, Washington, to Anchorage, Alaska. The aircraft lost its number 1 and 2 engine cowlings on takeoff from Seattle. Following the separation of the cowlings, the flight returned to Seattle-Tacoma International and landed without further incident. There were no injuries. Post-accident inspection of the aircraft revealed substantial damage to the aircraft's left wing and left horizontal stabilizer. Emery Flight 17 had just departed Sacramento-Mather Airport runway 22L when the crew reported balance problems. A little later the aircraft was seen to crash in a left wing low, nose low attitude, into the Insurance Auto Auctions salvage yard, setting fire to 100-200 cars. Debris cut a swath about 250 yards wide and a 600yds long. The plane's cargo included clothing, transmission fluid and a small amount of 9 grams fuses used to activate automobile air bags. The NTSB is focusing on the possibility that a push rod in an elevator control tab may have been separated from the control system of the plane before impact.The YS-11 overran runway 14, and ran into the snow bank located on the right side of the runway overrun area causing damage to the landing gear, propeller and front fuselage.Taxiing to the runway for a departure to Paris, the left main gear unsafe alarm sounded. The crew elected to return to the parking area. While taxiing back, the left main gear retracted, causing the no. 1 engine to strike the ground. A fire broke out in the vicinity of this engine and the aircraft was quickly evacuated.The first ILS approach to runway 23 terminated in a missed approach due to loss of alignment with the runway. During the second approach and landing, witnesses report the airplane right wing struck the runway in the landing flare. As the airplane touched down, the fuselage and tail separated behind the wing root (about FS 590). Weather was reported as heavy rain and strong gusting 240 deg winds at 50 to 80 knots.The Sabin Air plane had trouble gaining height following takeoff. It struck a house, killing a woman who was washing clothing when the plane struck the house in the "25th June" neighbourhood, near the airport. Weather at the time of the crash was hot and sunny. The aircraft was chartered to fly back some students to their boarding school in Swaziland.The Ariana flight was hijacked during a domestic flight. The plane was diverted to Tashkent (TAS), Uzbekistan. Food and fuel were provided there. Ten passengers were released before the airplane took off again. It then landed at Aktyubinsk (AKX), Kazakhstan. Three passengers were released there and fuel was added for a flight to Moscow-Sheremetyevo (SVO), Russia. At Moscow nine more passengers were released. After Moscow the plane continued to London-Stansted Airport (STN). Nine more passengers were released of the course of three days. On February 9, four men, including the pilot and first officer, escaped from a cockpit window. The remaining passengers were released on February 10.The Caravan floatplane took-off from Male (MLE) runway 36 at 14:06. After takeoff the captain forgot to retract the gear (the floats-equipped Caravan has wheels installed on the floats) The flight to Filitheyo was conducted at FL45. On approaching Filitheyo Seaplane Base, the captain realized that the GPS position fed to the system was that of the resort island (Filitheyo), not the GPS position of the landing site near Filitheyo resort (Dhiguvaru Falhu) which is about 2.5 miles (4 km) north of Filitheyo. The captain, until he was about to land was busy in correcting the GPS co-ordinates for the landing site. On landing on water the aircraft sprung back and the captain realized that the landing gear was down. The aircraft bounced back and flipped onto its back pivoting the nose and left wing.Lost engine power and caught fire while trying to carry out an emergency landing in a field.An Embraer EMB-135LR, N735TS, operated by American Eagle as flight 9766, was substantially damaged during pushback at the Cleveland-Hopkins International Airport (CLE), Ohio. The three crewmembers were not injured, and there were no passengers onboard. Soon after it taking off, one of the engines caught fire and the crew carried out a forced landing on a beach, 6 km from the runway. The aircraft caught fire and burned out.C-FWPN, a Beechcraft 100 King Air with 5 people on board, was landing on runway 29 at Grande Prairie Airport, AB (YQU) after a flight from Fort St. John Airport, BC (YXJ), when it struck a windrow of snow left beside the runway. It was reported that the aircraft touched down off the centre-line in two inches of snow and skidded off the runway surface. There was substantial damage to the aircraft's nose gear, nose cone and propellers. The runway surface was in the process of being plowed but was slippery with 2 foot high windrows on the sides.Crash landed in an open field at Las Majaguas en-route Caracas-Miranda Air Base (SVFM) to Barinas (BNS), Venezuela after loss of power on both engines.An Antonov 32 cargo plane suffered an engine overspeed en route between Luanda Airport (LAD) and Cafunfo Airport (CFF) in Angola. Eventually the propeller of the engine broke away. The crew declared an emergency and diverted to Malange Airport (MEG). A safe landing was carried out.At 23:20, 3 April 2001, the Royal Cargo flight Montreal-Mirabel for a scheduled IFR cargo flight to Hamilton, Montreal-Mirabel, Halifax, St. John's and back to Mirabel again. At 05:45, the aircraft departed Halifax for St. John's. The pilot flying was completing his line indoctrination training after having recently upgraded to captain. En route the crew were advised of a NOTAM that the ILS for runway 11 was unserviceable. Because of the marginal weather, the loss of runway 11/29, and his greater experience, the training captain decided to switch seats and assume the duties and full responsibilities as captain and pilot flying.DC-3 N19BA was being used for a training flight out of San Juan-Luis Munoz Marin Airport to practice ILS approaches. After performing a touch-and-go on runway 10, the right engine failed. Engine failure emergency procedures where carried out when the left engine stopped producing power as well. The crew ditched the plane in the laguna La Torrecilla, one mile East of the airport. The co-pilot reported that the captain feathered the left propeller when carrying out the emergency procedures for the right hand engine.Crashed on takeoff during a sandstorm, killing Sudan's deputy defense minister and 13 high-ranking military officers.Impacted into the south wall of the Morning Glory Dairy cold storage facility when encountering problems immediately after takeoff from runway 18.Struck trees and terrain 250 yards east of the runway following a loss of control during the takeoff/initial climb from the north runway at the private Bishop Airfield. The airplane was carrying parachutists for a local sky-diving jump from 13,000 feet msl.Damaged beyond repair in storm with Category 2 hurricane force winds (winds up to 110 miles an hour). Reportedly a wing was ripped off the ATR-42 plane.Crashed on finals to runway 15 when it hit a hill and then plunged across a 200 foot culvert between the hill and the airport before slamming into Shale Bluff, broke up and caught fire.Crashed in forest near Schwabach on approach to Nürnberg, Germany (NUE) and burnt out.Fokker F-27 PK-MFL "Tagu Landang" was being used to train two CN-235 captains for the captaincy of a Fokker F-27. Captain Yuditoto had 9,288 flight hours, captain Davi 4,506 flight hours and captain Andi Mulia 4,325 flight hours. Approaching Juanda for the 8th touch and go the aircraft was seen banking to the left, then crashed and caught fire. The F-27 crashed in an area of shrimp ponds.A Boeing 707-3B4C operated by Luxor Air Egypt suffered a landing accident at Monrovia-Roberts International Airport (ROB), Liberia. All 175 passengers and seven crew members survived.The Twin Otter plane was on a 10-minute inter island flight between St. Maarten and Saint-Barthélémy and approached Saint-Barthélémy from the West for a visual approach and landing on runway 10. While on finals over the 'Col de la Tourmente', the aircraft was seen making a sharp turn to the left. The Twin Otter struck a house on the 'Col de la Tourmente' and caught fire. A man on the ground was also killed and his wife was injured. While on finals the captain probably After two unsuccessful clean-stall exercises flown by the co-pilot, the pilot intended to demonstrate a stall at FL80. The aircraft stalled, went into a spin over the left wing and ran into clouds at FL70. After an uneventful landing, wings and fuselage were found overstressed. The FDR revealed a positive G-load up to 5.The aircraft was 46 minutes into a scheduled flight from Nassau, Bahamas, to Orlando, Florida. The airplane was being controlled by the autopilot at about 18,000 feet when they encountered instrument meteorological conditions that rapidly led to the windscreen being covered by a layer of ice. The crew turned ice protection systems on and the ice on the windshield was cleared. The first officer observed ice on the right wing's boots and the right prop's spinner that extended farther back than he had previously experienced. The first officer then switched the ice protection systems to their highest settings. De airspeed then decreased from 1750 to 160 kts.The captain disconnected the autopilot, applied power, and initiated nose down pitch inputs to arrest the airspeed loss. They indicated that these actions were unsuccessful and the speed further deteriorated to about 130 knots at which point the airplane rolled about 90 degrees to the left, and then back to near level. In the next 24 seconds, the airplane again rolled about 110 degrees to the left, back to level, then about 120 degrees to the right, back to level, and then rolled 360 degrees to the right, back to near wings level. Since the crew reported trouble with the flight attitude instruments, the roll angles recorded on the FDR are being further investigated. The maximum nose down pitch attitude was 60 degrees, the maximum recorded airspeed was about 240 kias, and maximum vertical acceleration during recovery was about +3.6 g. The crew immediately diverted to West Palm Beach and landed there 12 minutes after the upset.Takeoff was initiated on runway 3C (8,500 feet by 200 feet, wet). The flight crew reported that at an airspeed of approximately 110 knots, the nose of the airplane began to lift off. The captain attempted to lower the nose, however, the airplane was unresponsive. The airplane became airborne and climbed to an altitude of 20 to 30 feet above the runway. The captain reduced the power on both engines and the airplane settled to the runway, striking the tail. The airplane traveled approximately 700 feet off the end of the runway where it came to rest in the muddy terrain. An emergency evacuation was performed during which the L2 evacuation slide did not deploy. During the investigation, NTSB determined that the airplane was loaded so that its center of gravity (CG), although within limits, was in the aft region of the permissible range. Further, the flight crew had incorrectly set the trim for the trimmable horizontal stabilizer (THS) at -1.7°UP (airplane nose up). This setting resulted in a pitch-up trim condition. The proper trim setting, 1.7°DN (airplane nose down), would have resulted in a correct trim condition for the way the airplane was loaded. The improperly set trim caused the nose of the airplane to lift off the runway prematurely.Crashed into mountains, reportedly in conditions of (heavy) rainfall.Three Chechen hijackers took control of the aircraft. The aircraft was flown to Medina, Saudi Arabia. The next day negotiators succeeded in securing the release of 47 hostages, mainly women and children, and the stewardess who was stabbed during the initial minutes of the hijack. Later that day authorities decided to storm the plane, after the hijackers threatened to blow up the airplane, and demanded it be refuelled for a suspected flight to Afghanistan. During cruise flight, at 5000 feet, the pilot heard a loud "bang". The right hand engine was on fire and the engine was shut down. When the pilot attempted to feather propeller, the propeller did not feather. When the pilot pulled the extinguishing agent for the right engine, the engine separated from the aircraft. The airplane then lost hydraulic pressure. The pilot established visual contact with Donalsonville Municipal Airport, and made an emergency landing on runway 18 without further incident. The right engine was found ten miles southwest of Donalsonville Municipal Airport, in the backyard of a farmer's home.The Boeing 727 freighter touched down short of the runway at Pohnpei. The right gear sheared off and left gear collapsed on striking the runway edge.About 20:45 the pilot contacted Hamburg Tower for a landing on runway 15. The aeroplane did not touch down on the runway but the pilot initiated a go-around. With the next radio contact ten minutes later, the pilot reported to the TWR controller that his CitationJet had landing gear problems. During an arranged fly-by of the aeroplane by the tower, the controller confirmed that the undercarriage was down. Nevertheless the instruments did not show three greens. About 21:20, the aircraft touched down normally with the right-hand landing gear yielding immediately. By counteracting the aeroplane movement, the pilot managed in delaying ground contact of the right-hand wing and afterwards holding the CitationJet over a distance of 1000 m on the runway. Finally the aeroplane stopped 30 m to the right beside runway 15 and appr. 300 m in front of the intersection with runway 23.Landed hard at Sao Paulo-Guarulhos runway 09R following a cargo flight (mail and fish) from Belem do Para; the main undercarriage failed and all four engines suffered damage.The aircraft crashed in conditions of heavy rain while on a flight carrying basic supplies for the isolated town.Boeing 747-209B B-18255 was scheduled to fly flight CI611 Taipei-Hong Kong during its last day in service for China Airlines before being sold to Orient Thai Airlines. Let 410 9Q-CEX was being flown by a Congolese crew on behalf of the Nigerian airline company Sky Executive Airlines. The aircraft departed Abuja around 16:30 for a passenger flight to Port Harcourt. At Port Harcourt all passengers disembarked. The aircraft then took off for a ferry flight to Calabar. On approach the pilot declared an emergency due to an electrical failure. At 65 km out the crew commenced a descent to 2500 feet. The descent was continued past this altitude until the Let crashed in a swamp. During the investigation into the cause of the accident it was found out that the aircraft was non-compliant with the maintenance requirements, and proper documentation of the aircraft and crew members. Also, the plane had exceeded the prescribed annual inspection time by 248 hours, and the engines were not maintained in accordance with the standard procedure. Contrary to NCAA regulations a Flight Data Recorder (FDR), nor a Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) were installed.Let 410 9Q-CEX was being flown by a Congolese crew on behalf of the Nigerian airline company Sky Executive Airlines. The aircraft departed Abuja around 16:30 for a passenger flight to Port Harcourt. At Port Harcourt all passengers disembarked. The aircraft then took off for a ferry flight to Calabar. On approach the pilot declared an emergency due to an electrical failure. At 65 km out the crew commenced a descent to 2500 feet. The descent was continued past this altitude until the Let crashed in a swamp. During the investigation into the cause of the accident it was found out that the aircraft was non-compliant with the maintenance requirements, and proper documentation of the aircraft and crew members. Also, the plane had exceeded the prescribed annual inspection time by 248 hours, and the engines were not maintained in accordance with the standard procedure. Contrary to NCAA regulations a Flight Data Recorder (FDR), nor a Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) were installed.During takeoff roll from runway 17L (7,198 feet by 150 feet) at the Wiley Post Airport, at V1 (103 knots), the pilot began to pull aft on the control yoke. The pilot noticed the nose landing gear was not coming off of the runway and at 120 knots, with full aft control input. He elected to abort the takeoff and pulled the power to idle and applied maximum braking. Upon seeing the localizer antennas approaching the airplane at the departure end of the runway, the pilot veered the airplane to the right of centerline. The airplane departed the runway surface and impacted the fences. Fire destroyed a Grand Island Airport hangar and two Great Lakes Aviation Beech 1900D airplanes inside worth $8 million. The cause of the fire was not immediately known.Fire destroyed a Grand Island Airport hangar and two Great Lakes Aviation Beech 1900D airplanes inside worth $8 million. The cause of the fire was not immediately known.On final approach approximately 10 miles from the airport, the flight crew received an aft cargo bay fire warning. The flight crew followed checklist procedures, activated the cargo bay fire extinguishers and declared an emergency. The fire indication went out some 20 to 30 seconds after activation of the fireA man managed to smuggle two knives with blades of 9.5 cm and 7 cm respectively on his right and left feet past airport security check and boarded the aircraft destined for Xiamen. During flight, the perpetrator held a flight attendant hostage and demanded to be flown to Taipei. At the guidance of the pilot-in-command, the crew members responsible for security on board subdued the perpetrator. During trial, he was found to be mentally retarded and was sentenced to 4 years in prison for crimes of air piracy.Two US Navy Sabreliners, 165522 and 165525, departed Pensacola on a training mission. Both aircraft collided. Rescue crews found two debris fields about six miles apart.Two US Navy Sabreliners, 165522 and 165525, departed Pensacola on a training mission. Both aircraft collided. Rescue crews found two debris fields about six miles apart.Flight 6163 departed Beijing at 20:37, for a planned one hour and three minutes flight to Dalian. The aircraft crashed into the sea after the pilot reported a fire in the cabin. Chinese salvage workers found the flight data recorder on May 18. The cockpit voice recorder was recovered from the sea on May 14. Flight MS843 departed Cairo at 13:40 for a flight to Tunis. The 737 crash-landed about six kilometres (four miles) from the airport while on an approach to runway 11.The BAC One-Eleven jet operated on a flight from Jos to Lagos via Kano. Shortly after departing Kano, the aircraft reportedly stalled. It came down in the heavily populated district of Gwammaja about half a mile from the airport on the outskirts of Kano. It sheared roofs from two-story concrete homes and sliced a mosque in half as it broke apart and burst into flames. Some 23 houses in Gwammaja area were destroyed, along with a school and the mosque.The Antonov was approaching Heglig. When descending through a height of 60 ft a flock of birds rose from the right hand side of the plane. The no. 4 engine failed and the airplane yawed to that side. It descended and undershot the runway. The right main undercarriage was torn off.Citation Ultra N397QS departed Houston, TX (HOU) at 13:15. After an uneventful flight to Leakey, TX the captain set up for a right hand pattern, visual approach to runway 15. During the approach the captain noticed a 16-knot increase in speed above reference, but continued "because the aircraft was close to the runway". The aircraft however floated beyond the desired touchdown point and could not be stopped on the remaining runway. The airplane overran the departure end, and collided with trees, 320 feet (100 m) beyond the end of the runway. A post-impact fire consumed the aircraft. Runway 15 is 3,975 ft (1215 m) long and the threshold was displaced 240 feet (75 m). Tire tracks indicated that the airplane touched down about 2,100 feet (640 m) from the threshold of the runway.At rotation, the flightcrew heard a sound described as a 'thump' or 'bang'. After becoming airborne, hydraulic pressure was lost on the nos. 1 and 2 systems. The flightcrew lowered the landing gear and returned to a landing on the takeoff runway. The airplane was brought to a stop and shut down. Examination found extensive damage in the left wing, above the left main landing gear, that included fractured nos. 1 and 2 hydraulic lines, and fractures or damaged mechanical control cables, pulleys, push rods, and electrical wiring. The no. 5 tire was found blown, and tread on the no. 1 tire damaged, both on the left main mount. Marks of a reverser cascade, identified as coming from a Boeing 727 engine, were found impressed into the runway, and a cascade was recovered in a search of the takeoff runway. Pieces of what appeared to be aluminum and other aircraft debris were also found on and near the takeoff runway.Weather at Kinshasa-NDjili Airport was stormy as the 707 landed on runway 24. Directional control was lost and the plane ran off the side of the runway causing the right main undercarriage to collapse.The Antonov 72, chartered by Trigana and flown by an Estonian crew, departed Jayapura at 08:40 for a flight to Wamena. The flight was the third flight of eight flights planned for the day between Jayapura and Wamena. The en route part of the flight was uneventful and the pilot carried out an S-approach pattern for runway 15. Because the crew misjudged their distance to the runway they ended up being unable to decrease speed and extend flaps to landing configuration. With a high rate of descent the aircraft touched down. On touchdown the airplane bounced twice, the second and last bounce was reported to be more severe than the first one, causing the nose gear to collapse. The hydraulic system sustained damage, causing fluid to leak, which caught fire due to the friction of the aircraft on the runway. The captain applied reverse power and brakes, controlling the aircraft by using rudder inputs. The airplane decelerated with smoke emitting from the forward cargo compartment. After coming to a standstill, the loadmaster opened the airplane door taking the extinguisher, attempting to extinguish the fire. The airport fire truck could not be started, so the fire fighting personnel ran to the airplane carrying portable fire extinguishers. After twenty minutes the truck's battery had been recharged. The fire truck then drove to the scene and extinguished the fire.The Antonov 72, chartered by Trigana and flown by an Estonian crew, departed Jayapura at 08:40 for a flight to Wamena. The flight was the third flight of eight flights planned for the day between Jayapura and Wamena. The en route part of the flight was uneventful and the pilot carried out an S-approach pattern for runway 15. Because the crew misjudged their distance to the runway they ended up being unable to decrease speed and extend flaps to landing configuration. With a high rate of descent the aircraft touched down. On touchdown the airplane bounced twice, the second and last bounce was reported to be more severe than the first one, causing the nose gear to collapse. The hydraulic system sustained damage, causing fluid to leak, which caught fire due to the friction of the aircraft on the runway. The captain applied reverse power and brakes, controlling the aircraft by using rudder inputs. The airplane decelerated with smoke emitting from the forward cargo compartment. After coming to a standstill, the loadmaster opened the airplane door taking the extinguisher, attempting to extinguish the fire. The airport fire truck could not be started, so the fire fighting personnel ran to the airplane carrying portable fire extinguishers. After twenty minutes the truck's battery had been recharged. The fire truck then drove to the scene and extinguished the fire.The pilot started the aerial application without a work plan. With speed reduced, the pilot attempted a 90 degree turn. The co-pilot cautioned about a tree 8 m high. When the co-pilot intervened, the pilot pushed his hands off the controls. The aircraft struck the tree and crashed. A breathalyser test of the pilot indicated presence of alcohol.Unable to find the destination airport, the aircraft made a forced landing on an empty island.A man attempted to hijack the domestic flight from Dalian to Shenyang, nine minutes after takeoff. A male passenger seated at seat 16B stood up, then hijacked a cabin crew nearby with a knife and demanded to be taken to the United States. In-flight security personnel and passengers managed to overpower the man immediately. At 17:58 local time, the flight landed safely at Shenyang.During takeoff from an airstrip in the Masai Mara Park, an impala ran across the runway. To avoid a collision the pilot got the plane airborne. Because the airspeed was too low to climb away, the Let nearly stalled. The pilot put the nose down to gain speed, but the airplane struck the ground.During the flight from Skukuza to Pilanesberg the HS-738 developed a hydraulic problem, resulting in a complete hydraulic failure. The flight continued to Pilanesberg were a safe landing was carried out on runway 23. Shortly after the landing the pilot shut down both engines, but maintained the runway heading for approximately 2000 m, until the aircraft veered off to the left of the runway where it entered a ditch, 75 m from the runway edge, where it finally stopped.Air China flight 129 departed Beijing at 08:37 on a scheduled flight to Pusan-Gimhae in South Korea. The en route part of the flight was uneventful. At 11:06 the second officer contacted Gimhae Approach. At that moment the airplane was 32 nm from the airport at an altitude of FL170. The approach controller cleared the flight to descend to 6000 feet. Runway 36L was in use and the crew could expect a straight-in approach. at 11:09 the controller notified the crew that the runway was changed to 18R, with winds 210 degrees at 17 kts. This meant a circling approach which none of the crew members had flown yet at Pusan. The captain and first officer then discussed the approach to be flown. The captain cautioned: "We won't enlarge the traffic pattern, the mountains areTadair flight 306 departed Madrid at 03:38 on a cargo flight to Palma de Mallorca. The flight was uneventful and the crew were cleared to land on runway 24L. The aircraft crashed near the runway threshold, slid to the right, colliding with the PAPI light support structure.Tadair flight 306 departed Madrid at 03:38 on a cargo flight to Palma de Mallorca. The flight was uneventful and the crew were cleared to land on runway 24L. The aircraft crashed near the runway threshold, slid to the right, colliding with the PAPI light support structure.A person was hit by the left hand propeller when the Aviocar aircraft was holding for takeoff at Sabang-Maimun Saleh Airport (SBG), Indonesia. The person was supposed to aboard the aircraft but he was late and tried to catch the aircraft. Apparently the person entered the apron via a VIP room that was not guarded at the time.An engine caught fire during an run-up test.A Basler BT-67, N115Z, was substantially damaged when its left main landing gear collapsed while standing at Casper-Natrona County International Airport, Wyoming, USA. There were no injuries. The pilot reported that for takeoff, both fuel selectors were ON, and his initial climb was conducted at 90 to 100 knots, with a 10 to 15 degree pitch attitude. He momentarily leveled at 2,200 feet, and sensed a decrease in engine torque. The low fuel pressure light illuminated, and the fuel flow was lower than normal. The pilot turned the boost pump and ignition ON, and there was no change in engine condition or fuel flow, and the low fuel pressure light remained illuminated. He then advanced the power lever to the full power position, and there was no response from the engine. The pilot heard what he thought was an engine noise, which he described as a decreasing sound. He set up for a forced landing in a field. The airplane came to rest near a residence, inverted.A Beechcraft 200C Super King Air, VH-AMR, impacted the sea or a reef about 6 km north-east of Coffs Harbour Airport, NSW (CFS). The impact occurred immediately after the pilot initiated a go-around during an instrument approach to runway 21 in Instrument Meteorological Conditions (IMC) that included heavy rain and restricted visibility. Although the aircraft sustained structural damage and the left main gear detached, the aircraft remained airborne.Engine power was applied while the push back tug was still connected to the airplane. The tug struck the left hand forward side of the plane, causing a one square metre hole.The Antonov overran runway 25 and collided with several approach lights and two stop way lights. The plane suffered irreparable damage to the propellers, landing gear and fuselage. Wind was reported as 170 deg at 10 kts.Damaged after hitting a tractor during a low level flight at night.The Sabreliner 40A, operating on behalf of the Congolese government, was damaged by rebel ground fire. The aircraft, carrying Congo's Human Rights Minister Ntumba Luaba, landed safely at Entebbe. The airplane was still present in November 2003 with substantial damage to the no. 2 engine.Ilyushin 76 UR-UCB was leased to the Congolese Ministry of Defense by the Ukrainian company Ukrainian Cargo Airways and operated in Congo since December 2002. On May 8th, soldiers and their families boarded the transport plane for a flight from Kinshasa to Lubumbashi. The aircraft also carried some military vehicles. About 45 minutes into the flight the rear cargo door opened in flight, causing decompression of the cargo hold. A number of passengers were sucked out. The plane returned safely to Kinshasa. Seven people were confirmed dead by a government spokesman, while others estimate many more may have been killed (maybe even around 60).The Turbo DC-3 overran the hilltop airstrip, fell down a steep slope and was substantially damaged.The aircraft sustained substantial damage when it ran off the runway. The undercarriage collapsed and the engines were damaged. The aircraft was ferrying an Air France crew.The Yak-40 touched down on runway 09/27 (2841 m long) at Dnepropetrovsk Airport. The right wing lifted three times during touchdown. The pilot finally managed to get all wheels on the ground but the aircraft was not aligned with the runway. It ran off the side and, at a speed of 115 km/h, ran into a dyke which was located about 100 m from the side of the runway.N138BF was the first of two conforming prototypes of the SJ30-2 business jet. The aircraft departed San Antonio for flight test number 231 for flight flutter certification. The first flutter mission, flight test number 230, was flown one day earlier with the same pilot onboard. The pilot terminated the flight after an uncommanded roll to the left, and a subsequent discrepancy was noticed between his displayed airspeeds and those reported by a chase plane pilot. After takeoff, the airplane climbed to 39,000 feet and set up for a shallow dive along a 090-degree track. This time no problems were noted. The airplane subsequently turned back to the west and began to climb back to 39,000 feet to set up for another dive to the flight test point along a 270-degree magnetic track. This run also was uneventful. The pilot was then cleared to the next test point. However, the pilot did not acknowledge the clearance, but instead, reported that the airplane was rolling to the right, and he couldn't stop it. About 30,000 feet, the test airplane began rolling to the right. The rolling maneuver appeared to be stable, and continued unchanged until ground impact. The airplane rolled about 7 times during a 49-second timeframe, from about 30,500 feet until a near-vertical ground impact.Crash-landed near Mulia. On March 27, 2003 another Air Regional Twin Otter crashed near Mulia.Destroyed during a Sudan Liberation Army (SLA) rebel attack on the city of El Fasher. The rebels claimed to have destroyed three Antonov-type planes. The loss of An-24 '700' has been confirmed (photoproof).The aircraft, carrying passengers and cargo was on a flight from Kinshasa to Beni. The crew tried to land in Beni at night, despite insufficient lighting at the airport. The Antonov ended up outside the runway, sustaining substantial damage. The crew members reportedly ran from the scene. Soldiers who were supposed to guard the airport looted the airplane and thrashed the only two European-looking passengers supposing them to be the crew.The aircraft was approximately 4000 feet asl when the crew selected the flaps for the approach to Prince Albert. A bang was heard from the rear of the fuselage. The aircraft commenced an uncommanded pitch-up to a near-vertical attitude, then stalled, nosed over, and began a spin to the left. The crew countered the spin but the aircraft continued to descend in a near-vertical dive. Through the application of full-up elevator and the manipulation of power settings, the pilots were able to bring the aircraft to a near-horizontal attitude. The crew extended the landing gear and issued a Mayday call, indicating that they were conducting a forced landing. The aircraft struck a knoll, tearing away the belly cargo pod and the landing gear. The aircraft bounced into the air and travelled approximately 180 metres, then contacted a barbed-wire fence and slid to a stop approximately 600 metres from the initial impact point.A severe storm with a wind speed of up to 111-km per hour, the strongest in the last three years, damaged three Airbus A.310's, a Boeing 737 and a Fokker F-28 aircraft at Dhaka's international airport. The F-28, parked between two Airbuses, was lifted at least six feet above the ground by the wind fury. It snapped the rope that secured the aircraft and hit the belly of an Airbus with its nose. Its tail lashed the wings and engine of another Airbus.Some four minutes after departure the aircraft's weather radar is said to have malfunctioned. The crew returned to the airport, but suffered control problems. A forced belly landing was made at Brazzaville.Just prior to descending out of 17,000 feet for 10,000 feet, the crew felt a thud and they noticed the #1 low gear box oil pressure light illuminate. The left engine was shut down and the crew declared an emergency. The aircraft continued to Seattle, where it made an uneventful landing on runway 16L. One engine was damaged after landing on a 900 m gravel strip in Congo. A three-engine takeoff was attempted, but one engine failed on takeoff, causing the plane to crash into trees. The exact date of the occurrence is uncertain since April 27 is also mentioned for this crash.While approaching Denver runway 35L, the landing gear was lowered, but did not show three greens. The crew said that this had been a recurring problem with this particular airplane. The landing gear was cycled but this did not solve the problem as it had in the past. After consulting the emergency checklist, the crew felt confident that the landing gear was extended and locked because the hydraulic pressure gauge indicated 2,000 pounds. The airplane landed wheels up. Propeller blade fragments penetrated the fuselage and breached the pressure vessel.A Grumman HU-16 amphibian airplane, N7026Y, was destroyed following a loss of control during the turn from base to final approach near Chetumal, State of Quintana Roo, in the Republic of Mexico. The instrument rated private pilot and his 2 passengers were fatally injured. The airplane was owned and operated by the pilot. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the personal flight for which a visual flight rules (VFR) flight plan was filed. The flight originated from Tulum at 17:30 with Chetumal (CTM) as its intended destination.The Antonov 12 transport plane was used to fly supplies to the floating station "The north Pole - 1/32". Weather conditions were below landing minima for the airport. The approach was continued, but the plane crash-landed 650 m short of the runway.The An-2 hit power lines while on a crop spraying flight. Control was lost and the airplane impacted the ground.The takeoff was aborted because of a power loss on the no. 1 engine but the plane could not be stopped on the remaining runway length. The Yak overran the 3000 metres long runway 13/31. The right main landing gear leg collapsed.After delivering cargo to Traverse City, the aircraft returned to Toledo as an instructional flight for the first officer in training. Upon arrival in the Toledo area, the pilots initiated an ILS approach to runway 07. The approach terminated in a missed approach, and the airplane was radar vectored for a second ILS approach to runway 07. During the approach the plane descended below the glide path. The airplane impacted trees, and came to rest on level ground, 1.57 nautical miles from the approach end of runway 07.The captain initiated the ILS runway 25 approach about 0705. While on the approach, about 300 feet above the ground, and 1/4 to 1/2 mile from the runway, the left engine surged. Specifically, it went from approximately 1,000 lb of torque to at least 2,000 lb of torque, and continued to oscillate. The surge yawed the airplane about 90 degrees to the right. At the time, the captain was in visual conditions, and on glideslope, with the airspeed decreasing through 106 knots. The captain aligned the airplane and attempted to go-around, but the throttles were "sticking," and the airplane struck terrain 400 feet prior to runway 25, and left of the runway centerline. The nose gear and right main gear had separated, and the bottom fuselage sustained substantial damage.The airplane was on a second approach to land on runway 30R after having been instructed by air traffic control to climb during the final approach segment of the first approach due to inadequate separation from another airplane. The aircraft was low on fuel but the pilot did not notify ATC until they were on base turn to finals. The airplane ran out of fuel and both engines lost power. The crew then ditched their Falcon 20 into the Mississippi River. Both pilots were rescued.Cessna Citation I/SP, EC-HFA, took off at 10:00 from Barcelona (BCN) on a private flight to Zurich (ZRH). The flight took place under instrument flight rules. Using radar vectors, EC-HFA was cleared at 12:05 for an ILS approach to runway 14. The right hand seat on the flight deck was occupied by a PPL-rated passenger. During approach, the passenger read out various checklist points, which were each confirmed or commented upon by the pilot.The Saab 340B was damaged by hail when a supercell thunderstorm passed over Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in Texas, USA.Damaged when nose contacted ground during takeoff.As part of the US/UK war with Iraq, missiles were fired on the Al Taqqadum military airport. At or around April 4, an Ilyushin 76 was reported damaged beyond repair.A hydraulics failure reportedly caused the Turbo DC-3 to depart the runway on landing. The undercarriage collapsed and the aircraft was substantially damaged.A Beechcraft B200 King Air, N257CG, was substantially damaged when it impacted a building in Leominster, MA, USA while on approach to Fitchburg Municipal Airport, MA (FIT). The pilot and five passengers were fatally injured. One passenger was seriously injured, and one person inside the building received minor injuries. Aerocalifornia flight 706 was the evening flight from Mexico City to Durango and Torreón. About half an hour late, the flight was cleared to takeoff from runway The airplane touched down on runway 31 about 1,500 feet from the threshold and the rain become extremely heavy at that point. The pilot deployed thrust reverser and applied brakes. He felt the airplane was not slowing down, believing the airplane's tire was hydroplaning on the runway surface due to the amount of rain falling, and elected to perform a go-around. He closed the thrust reverser and advanced the throttles to increase engine power. The airplane did not accelerate. At this point, the pilot realized he was running out space on the runway and braced for impact. The airplane traveled past the end of the runway passing a section of grass and gravel area before crossing taxiway F. The nose and main gear sheared off from the fuselage at that point due to the step up to the taxiway from the grass area. The fuselage slid the remaining way on its belly and knocked down a chain link fence protecting a wild life reserve area for ground owls and turtles. The fuselage came to stop in a nose-high attitude on a sand embankment in front of a ditch.Two AN-28 turboprop aircraft, operated by Rigas Aeroklubs Latvia, were dropping parachutists at the National Parachute Sport Centre, Østre Æra airstrip in Østerdalen, Norway. The company had had a great deal of experience with this type of operations, and had been carrying out parachute drops in Norway each summer for the last 9 years. The Learjet was operating on an air ambulance flight from Sint Maarten to St. Kitts and Nevis. During the visual approach to runway 10 winds were reported 090 degrees at 16 knots. The pilot was holding Vref 125 plus 10 knots on final. The approach was normal until a downdraft on short final was experienced. The airplane sank and engine power was immediately advanced with an increase in pitch, but the airplane continued to sink. The airplane's main landing gear came in contact with the top of the barbwire fencing at the approach end of the runway. The airplane landed hard, just short of the threshold. The airplane was taxied to the ramp where a close-up examination revealed the left engine, flaps and both lower wing areas incurred substantial damage.The Little Red Air Service Beech King Air 100, registration C-FQOV, was arriving in Fort Vermilion on a medevac flight from Grande Prairie, AB. The aircraft was high on final and landed hard on runway 07. During the landing phase, the right side main gear collapsed, and the aircraft came to rest on the right side of the runway. There were no injuries, but there was damage to the wing, landing gear and engine/propeller.A Convair CV-440, operated by Dodita Air Cargo, departed San Juan on an early morning VFR flight to Sint Maarten, carrying a cargo of perishable food. After leveling off at 5,500 feet msl, the crew noticed that the right engine cylinder head temperature and oil temperature was about 10 degrees above normal. Shortly after, both pilots noticed a sharp decrease in the right engine brake mean effective pressure followed by vibration in the engine. A fire started around the front lower cylinders. The captain feathered the right engine propeller, pulled the Emergency handle and fired the main and reserve fire extinguishing bottles. The fire however had extended to the whole front of the engine cylinders. The burning engine fell off the plane's wing and the crew prepared for a ditching. The co-pilot handed a life jacket to the pilot and then put his on. The pilot placed his life preserver to the side and did not put it on. While descending the co-pilot opened his side window, but the pilot did not. At 300 feet, and still on a westerly heading, the co-pilot recalled that the airplane's indicated airspeed was around 135 to 140 knots, and the right wing leading edge was on fire and was melting. After hitting the water surface the cockpit section also contacted the water and sank for a short time. The cockpit surfaced once and the water was above both pilot's shoulders. One of the wings and the cockpit separated and the airplane sank into 1,000 feet of water. The co-pilot was rescued by a Coast Guard helicopter. The captain was declared missing and had not been found after a full day of searching.A Canadair CL-215-1A10 air tanker sustained substantial damage in an aborted takeoff accident at the Aguieira reservoir. Both pilots survived the accident.The Antonov was used to spray crops in the Yaroslav area. The airplane had already carried out 15 flights that day when it was serviced. Ground personnel added 1200 kg of liquid toxic chemicals for the next flight. Takeoff was commenced with flaps at 20 degrees. The aircraft took off at a speed of 90-100 km/hThe air ambulance plane was transporting two Italian patients from Quito, Ecuador for medical treatment to Washington and Milan. A refueling stop was made in Panama. After refueling, the airplane was started and taxied to runway 3L. After lifting off the runway it reportedly pitched up vertically, the nose then lowered, and the wings rocked side to side. The airplane veered right with a 90-degree bank and impacted the ground on taxiway Hotel. The right wing and right engine separated from the fuselage. The airplane rolled onto its back, collapsing the vertical stabilizer. The main fuselage, left wing, and left engine continued across a grass field, where it struck an airport worker, and impacted a concrete wall. The airplane continued through the wall, and came to rest inverted inside an empty building - the former Evergreen International hangar.The Beechcraft 200 Super King Air airplane was damaged during a precautionary landing at Green Bay-Austin-Straubel Field, WI (GRB) following a reported loss of power to the right engine on takeoff from runway 24. The pilot reported that the right engine lost power as the landing gear was retracting after takeoff. He stated that he elected to land the airplane on the remaining runway and selected gear down. Due to the short time between selecting gear down and landing the landing gear had not extended and the aircraft landed gear up. No anomalies were found with respect to the right engine or fuel controls during the on-scene or follow-up examination. Examination of the right propeller indicated that it was not in the feather position. The pilot reported that the autofeather system did not engage. The airplane came to rest on the runway with approximately 2000 feet of the runway surface remaining.The Twin Otter had arrived on a cargo flight from Bridgetown (BGI) and was prepared for a ferry flight back. On takeoff the airplane veered to the right. The pilot overcorrected. Takeoff was aborted but the airplane departed the right hand side of the runway. The airplane travelled across a field, crossed a ditch and ran into the airport perimeter fence.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air was damaged beyond repair in an accident at São Sebastião, near Vilanculos, Mozambique. Both crew members were killed.The An-12 struck birds immediately after lifting off the runway at Wau (WUG). Engines no. 3 and 4 failed and an emergency landing was carried out in a field. The airplane caught fire. Three crew members were injured, along with a boy in a nearby field.The Li-2T RA-1300K, the only airworthy Li-2 in Russia, departed Myachkovo Airport at 17:25. After takeoff, one of the engines reportedly lost power. The pilot could not maintain altitude and the wing hit a three-storey building at Solnechnaya street, destroying the attic. The Li-2 crashed and broke up. The pilot and navigator were killed in the accident, as was a dog on the ground.The airplane was substantially damaged after it veered off the runway. It was transported to Reykjavik by boat. In November 2004 it was re-registered TF-ADD for Landsflug, but was ultimately assessed as damaged beyond repair.A VIARCO flight from Villavicencio (VVC) to Puerto Carreño-Cumaribo Airport (PCR) had to make a precautionary landing at Las Gaviotas Airport because of some technical problems. Another plane, HK-1212 was sent to Las Gaviotas to pick up the passengers. PIA's Friendship AP-AUR touched down on the 5800 feet / 1768 m long runway 02/20 but failed to stop within the length of the runway. It overran, crossing a drainage ditch. The undercarriage collapsed, causing serious damage to the fuselage and propellers.The Volpar Turboliner cargo plane, a stretched turbine conversion of a Beechcraft C-45G Expeditor, departed Anchorage-Ted Stevens International Airport on a commercial cargo flight at 09:55 local time. As the flight approached the destination airport of Kodiak, visibility decreased below the 2 mile minimum required for the initiation of the approach. The pilot entered a holding pattern, and waited for the weather to improve. After holding for about 45 minutes, the ceiling and visibility had improved, and the flight was cleared for the ILS 25 instrument approach. After the pilot's initial contact with ATCT personnel, no further radio communications were received. When the flight did not reach the destination airport, it was reported overdue. A search in the area of an ELT signal located the accident airplane on a hilly, tree-covered island. A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, N200BE, was destroyed when it impacted Big Mountain, near Rupert, WV. The certificated airline transport pilot and certificated commercial pilot were fatally injured. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed near the accident site, for the flight that departed Summersville Airport, WV, about 08:15; destined for Lewisburg-Greenbrier Valley Airport, WV (LWB). A Learjet 35, N130F, operated as US Check flight 251, sustained substantial damage when during landing, the airplane's right wing struck the runway. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The on-demand air taxi flight originated at Columbus, Ohio, at 23:29 eastern standard time, and was en route to Chicago-Midway Airport, Illinois.During the last 100 feet of the descent, MD-82 "Volterra" encountered windshear. The pilot advanced the throttles and tried to go around. The aircraft however continued to descend until it landed hard. The left main gear collapsed.Damaged beyond repair.A Beech 1900D, N215CJ, operated by Colgan Air as flight 1070, was substantially damaged while landing at the Hyannis-Barnstable Airport (HYA), Massachusetts. Night instrument meteorological conditions prevailed for the positioning flight which had departed Boston, Massachusetts, at 16:00.A Cessna 650 Citation VII, N782QS, was substantially damaged when the right main landing gear collapsed during landing at the Port Columbus International Airport (CMH), Columbus, Ohio. The flight was operated as a training flight with two certificated airline transport pilots, a company pilot, and a company intern on board. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed and an instrument flight plan had been filed for the flight which departed the Cincinnati Municipal/Lunken Field Airport.A Cessna 650 Citation VII, N782QS, was substantially damaged when the right main landing gear collapsed during landing at the Port Columbus International Airport (CMH), Columbus, Ohio. The flight was operated as a training flight with two certificated airline transport pilots, a company pilot, and a company intern on board. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed and an instrument flight plan had been filed for the flight which departed the Cincinnati Municipal/Lunken Field Airport.Ran into ditch. Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The aircraft climbed steeply to 450 feet (140 m) after takeoff. The Caravan then stalled, crashed in a left wing low attitude and caught fire.The flight apparently proceeded normally until late final approach when the pilot initiated a go-around because of a vehicle on the airstrip. The aircraft rolled and yawed left, descended steeply and crashed onto a tidal flat.Damaged beyond repair in a landing accident.A Beechcraft 300 Super King Air, N780BF, collided with the ground following a missed approach to Folsom Field in Cullman, Alabama. The pilot and passenger sustained fatal injuries and the airplane was destroyed. Returning from an operational aerial refueling mission, the aircraft pitched up to a near vertical attitude and subsequently stalled and crashed.The Fokker F-27 was operating on a cargo flight to Guernsey, carrying newspapers. The aircraft departed Luton at 16:14. and climbed to cruising altitude FL150 / 160). The descent was begun at about 60 miles from Guernsey Airport and the aircraft was vectored onto final approach by Jersey Radar. The approach checklist was actioned and the flaps were lowered to 16° just before the aircraft was turned to intercept the ILS localizer. With less than six miles to run to the threshold the commander told the first officer that he could see the runway and was content to continue the approach visually. The first officer informed ATC that they wished to continue the approach visually; they were given the appropriate clearance and control of the aircraft was then handed over to Guernsey Tower. Initially the aerodrome controller cleared the aircraft to continue the approach (there was departing traffic on the runway) and the commander called for flaps to 26° followed by the landing checklist. About one minute later the commander said "three whites" (meaning that he was aware that the aircraft was slightly high on the glide path indicated by the precision approach path indicator lights) which the first officer acknowledged. The commander then said "ok the decision is to land, speed below one four four, flaps forty". The first officer acknowledged the instruction to select flaps to 40° and announced "running". There followed a pause of about five seconds before the first officer said, "flaps fourty gear and clearance you have - oops". The commander then said, in an anxious tone of voice "ok flaps twenty six" and the engines could be heard accelerating on the cockpit voice recording. There then followed a number of expletives from the commander interspersed with some loud clicks as controls or switches were operated and the sound of a warning horn which stopped before the end of the recording. On approach the aircraft had lost control, attaining a nose-high attitude. The plane stalled, clipped a house on Forest Road with its left wing and ploughed into a field short of the runway.Crashed.The HAL-748 plane crashed in a dense forest, 2,5 km from the Arakkonam NAS. The HAL-748 was converted to carry a rotordome, which would ultimately house the in-built radar, on top. Preliminary reports suggest the dome collapsed on top of the aircraft, since the dome was found 2 km from the runway.The Beechcraft 1900C took off from Lourdes-de-Blanc-Sablon Airport at about 08:35 for the scheduled IFR flight GIO 1707. At about 08:45, 28nm east of Saint-Augustin, just before leaving cruising altitude at FL100, the first officer contacted the authorized approach UNICOM (AAU) radiotelephone operator, who provided the following information: the runway was snow-covered, the ceiling was 300 feet, visibility was a quarter of a mile in snow flurries, the winds were from the southeast at 15 knots gusting to 20 knots, and the altimeter setting was 29.80 inches of mercury. Because of the winds, the captain decided to conduct the LOC/DME approach for runway 20. At 08:59, the aircraft flew into the frozen surface of the Saint-Augustin River at about 109 knots. The aircraft was on the final approach path 0.7 nm from the runway threshold. The crash occurred 1 400 feet from either side of the river. The aircraft bounced before coming to a halt on its belly 1 300 feet farther on.The United Nations-chartered Hercules plane was shot down by UNITA rebels, some 20 minutes after takeoff from Huambo. The pilot tried to return to Huambo, but the plane was apparently on fire and it crashed in territory held by UNITA.The aircraft was departed Khartoum for a flight to Mwanza where it was supposed to pick up a cargo of 38 tonnes of fish fillet from Vick Fish Processors forThe crew of a Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport plane operated by Iranian Air Force lost directional control during takeoff from runway 29R at Tehran-Mehrabad Airport (THR), Iran.The crew of a Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport plane operated by Iranian Air Force lost directional control during takeoff from runway 29R at Tehran-Mehrabad Airport (THR), Iran.Sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Olbia. Douglas DC-3C C-GWUG, was usually used on cargo flights between Vancouver and Nanaimo. Because of delayed arrival of a Purolator Boeing 727, the route of C-GWUG was changed to Vancouver-Victoria-Nanaimo, operating for Purolator Courier.Due to adverse meteorological conditions the crew diverted to Envira. The Bandeirante touched down 500 m down the wet runway and aquaplaned off the runway, ending up with the cabin partially submerged.Alaska Airlines Flight 261 departed Puerto Vallarta at about 14:30 PST for a flight to San Francisco and Seattle. En route to San Francisco a FL310 a problem arose with the stabilizer trim. At 16:10 the crew radioed Los Angeles ARTCC that they were having control problems and that they were descending through FL260. At 16:11 Los Angeles ARTCC asked the condition of the flight and were told that they were troubleshooting a jammed stabilizer. The crew requested, and were granted, a FL200-FL250 block altitude clearance. At 16:15 the crew were handed off to Los Angeles sector control. The Alaska Airlines crew reported problems maintaining their altitude and told their intentions to divert to Los Angeles International Airport. They were cleared to do so at 16:16. The crew then requested permission to descend to FL100 over water to change their aircraft configuration . Los Angeles cleared them to FL170. Last message from Flight 261 was when they requested another block altitude. The request was granted at 16:17, without a readback from the crew. During the descent the crew was also talking to Alaska Airlines maintenance personnel in Seattle and Los Angeles to troubleshoot their stabilizer trim problems. As the crew attempted to diagnose or correct the problem the out-of-trim condition became worse, causing a tendency for the plane to pitch nose-down. When preparing the plane for landing control was lost and the MD-83 was seen 'tumbling, spinning, nose down, continuous roll, corkscrewing and inverted'. The aircraft crashed off Point Mugu in 650 feet deep water.Kenya Airways Flight 430 departed from Nairobi for a flight to Lagos and Abidjan. Due to the harmattan, a dusty seasonal wind from the deserts of north Africa, the flight continued directly to Abidjan. The aircraft, named "Harambee Star", landed there at 15:15. The Airbus was prepared for the return flight to Lagos and Nairobi that evening. Shortly after 21:00 the crew received clearance to taxy to runway 21 for departure. The trim was set at 0.9 nose up, slats and flaps at 15 degrees. The airplane began to taxi at 21:07, the tower controller informed the crew of the latest wind, cleared them to take off and asked the crew the call back when they reached flight level 40. At 21:08:18, the captain, who was pilot non flying, applied takeoff power and announced "thrust, SRS, and runway" then, nine seconds later "100 knots". Flight 431 took off and at 21:08:57, the copilot announced "Positive rate of climb, gear up". Less than two seconds later, at a height of around 300 feet, the stall warning sounded. The gear was not retracted. The copilot, pilot flying, pushed forward on the control column in reaction to the stall warnings. At 21:09:07, the copilot asked, "What’s the problem?" The aircraft descended and less than a second before passing through 100 feet in descent, the copilot ordered the aural stall warning alarm to be disconnected. The GPWS sounded shortly, followed by the CRC (Continuous Repetitive Chime), which corresponds to a master warning of over-speed with flaps extended, immediately followed by an order from the captain "Go up!". The airplane’s speed at this point was at least 210 knots, the maximum speed limit for a configuration with slats/flaps at 15°/15°. At 21:09:24 the airplane contacted the sea and broke up. The wreckage came to rest on the sandy seabed at a depth of 40-50 metres.The flight departed Austin at 09:40 on an IFR flight to Dallas. During the descent and vectors for the approach to runway 31R at Love Field, the airplane began to accumulate moderate clear ice, and a master warning light illumination in the cockpit indicated that the horizontal stabilizer heat had failed. The crew continued the approach to get the airplane out of the icing conditions and on the ground as soon as possible. Considering the possibility of additional ice accumulation on the horizontal stabilizer, the crew, per the flight manual abnormal procedures checklist, configured the airplane for a touchdown speed of 120 knots in lieu of 108 knots, and a flap extension of 10 degrees in lieu of 30 degrees. The aircraft touched down approximately 1,500 feet down the runway and the captain began applying the brakes. The captain reported that the aircraft did not have any braking action for approximately 3,000 feet and the anti-skid was not pulsing. With about 1,500 feet of runway remaining, it looked to the captain like there would not be enough available runway to stop the aircraft. Beyond the departure end of the runway, there was a steep down hill embankment and support poles for the approach lights for runway 13L. The captain forced the aircraft to depart the right side of the runway to avoid the poles. After the aircraft started down the embankment, the nose gear collapsed and the airplane came to rest.As the aircraft rotated for take off, both fan cowl doors detached from the no 1 engine and struck the aircraft. The doors were destroyed and localised damage resulted to the No 1 engine and its pylon, the left wing, the left flaps and slats, the fuselage and the fin. The evidence indicated that the doors had probably remained unlatched, after having been closed following maintenance prior to the accident flight and had been torn off their pylon attachment hinges by aerodynamic forces as the aircraft rotated. The airplane was ferried from the international airport of San José to San José-Tobias Bolanos International Airport to fly tourists to Tortuguero National Park. It arrived at Tobias Bolanos as 12:53. The airplane was prepared quickly for the onward flight. The bags were loaded without weighing them and the passengersA Hawker Siddeley HS-748 transport plane sustained substantial damage in a ground accident at Guayaquil-Simon Bolivar Airport (GYE), Ecuador.Departed the left side of runway 35, about 600 meters from the approach end, impacted a ditch and came to rest in a forested area off the left side of the runway.The Shorts 360 plane had been leased to Sirte Oil Co in Libya to transport workers between its headquarters and various oil fields. At 17:00 HB-AKK arrived at Zurich tarmac position F74 following a flight from Guernsey. The aircraft was then prepared for flight CRX498 to Dresden.On approach to Penang runway 22, the aircraft lost a flap section. The flap punctured the fuselage, causing a 1 m-wide hole.Disappeared near the border of the Angolan provinces of Malanje and Lunda Norte.The Bandeirante aircraft was coming in to land at Abuja Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport when it probably stalled before crashing into farmland some 400 feet short of runway 22. One person one the ground received fatal injuries.The aircraft landed at Edinburgh Airport, Scotland, at 00:03 and was parked there on Stand 31 in conditions including light and moderate snowfall. After preparation for a Royal Mail charter flight 670A to Belfast, start clearance was given at 15:03. At 15:12 hrs the crew advised ATC they were shutting down due to a technical problem. The crew then advised their company that a generator would not come on line. An avionics technician carried out diagnosis during which both engines were ground-run twice. No fault was found and the flight crew requested taxi clearance at 17:10. A normal take off from runway 06 was carried out followed by a reduction to climb power at 1,200 feet amsl. At 2,200 feet amsl the aircraft anti-icing systems were selected on. Three seconds later the torque on each engine reduced rapidly to zero. A MAYDAY call was made by the crew advising that they had experienced a double engine failure. The aircraft was ditched in the Firth of Forth estuary some 100 meters from the shoreline near Granton Harbour. Crashed and burst into flames in a farm field in heavy rain. All of the passengers were members of a Virginia-based military construction and engineering crew on a routine training mission. The plane's pilot and two other crew members were members of the 171st Aviation Regiment of the Florida Army National GuardThe Citation, with the co-pilot at the controls, was vectored for a runway 27L ILS approach. After touchdown the wheel brakes did not seem to work. The airplane overran the runway by 50 m and came to rest near the localizer antenna.The Citation, with the co-pilot at the controls, was vectored for a runway 27L ILS approach. After touchdown the wheel brakes did not seem to work. The airplane overran the runway by 50 m and came to rest near the localizer antenna.Suffered substantial damage after aborting the takeoff.Damaged beyond repair when it veered off the runway on takeoff.The Nomad plane had fallen out of radio contact, and personnel at the airstrip in Jakobcondre said it was flying low and crashed into a mountain.After engine servicing at Nürnberg, Learjet 35A I-MOCO was prepared to return to Rome. The airplane, with two pilots and the chief technician of the operator on board, took off from runway 10 at 15:31. After five nautical miles the aircraft turned to the south. Less than three minutes after departure at an altitude of 5900 feet and an airspeed of 250 knots, the no. 1 engine failed. The captain decided to return to the airfield. Preparing for the approach to runway 10, the flaps were set at 8 degrees and the landing gear was extended. Because the aircraft was above the glideslope, power was reduced to idle and the flaps were lowered to 20 and a little later further down to 40 degrees. At that moment the airspeed dropped considerably. The thrust lever of the remaining right hand engine was then advanced to near takeoff power. Due to the asymmetric thrust the plane yawed to the left at a height of 200-300 feet. The captain ordered the first officer to raise the flaps back to the 20 degree position. The Learjet then stalled to the left, rolled inverted and crashed into trees.N318DH departed Chicago-Midway around 17:00 CST for an IFR flight to Beaver Island. The aircraft had been cleared for the NDB or GPS runway 27 instrument approach to Beaver Island Airport when it impacted trees and terrain 1.74 miles and 226 degrees magnetic from the airport.Following a nighttime flight from Barcelona to Bilbao, the crew positioned the plane for a runway 30 approach and landing. During their final ILS approach, the aircraft encountered heavy turbulence at about 200 feet agl. with gusts up to 65 mph. The aircraft encountered windshear with 1.25G updraft, downdraft and a tailwind gust at just 70 feet agl. When the Ground Proximity Warning System (GPWS) sounded, the captain called for a go-around while pulling on the sidestick, reportedly without pressing his priority control button. The combination of dynamic winds and the crew actions created a situation that triggered the airplane's alpha protection system. As the crew applied TOGA power for a go-around, with both pilots pulling back on their sidesticks, the alpha protection law reduced the elevator nose-up command. Instead of a go- around, the aircraft struck the runway with a vertical speed of approx. 1,200 fpm. The nosegear collapsed and the aircraft skidded 3,280 feet (about 1000 m) down the runway before coming to a stop.Following a visual approach, the Antonov touched down just short of the runway. The airplane sustained substantial damage to the landing gear, fuselage and left wing.Following a visual approach, the Antonov touched down just short of the runway. The airplane sustained substantial damage to the landing gear, fuselage and left wing.The Beechcraft B200C Super King Air, C-GIND operated by Voyageur Airways as flight VAL795, was landing on runway 12 at Thunder Bay Airport, ON (YQT). On touchdown, the pilot-not-flying inadvertently raised the landing gear handle instead of moving the propeller controls to full fine. The landing gear warning horn sounded and the aircraft began to descend further. The pilot-flying carried out a go around, and the crew climbed the aircraft to a safe altitude to assess the situation. While circling north of the airport, the crew lowered the landing gear and determined the left main gear indicated unsafe. The emergency gear lowering procedure was carried out, and the crew visually confirmed the left main gear was extended although it was still indicating unsafe. The crew declared an emergency, and landed on runway 12. On touchdown the left main gear collapsed, and the aircraft came to a stop slightly left of the runway centreline. There were no injuries, and the aircraft sustained substantial damage to the flaps, landing gear, and left propeller.Boeing Stratoliner N19903, built in 1940, was restored to flying conditions and rolled out on June 23, 2001 in Seattle. The aircraft was restored to original condition with Pan American Airlines livery, carrying the name "Clipper Flying Cloud". On March 28, 2002 the aircraft took off from Boeing Field for a local flight around 12:30. The crew were to practice takeoffs and landings and shake out any mechanical problems. Both pilots were planning to do three takeoffs and landings each, with a refueling stop in between. The first pair were uneventful, with the plane flying from Boeing Field to Everett-Paine Field. On takeoff there, at 12:51, the No. 3 engine surged briefly. It returned to normal, but the pilots decided to abort the rest of the practice and return to Boeing Field. On approach it appeared that the left-main landing gear had not locked down. The approach was aborted and the plane circled Vashon and Bainbridge islands as the flight mechanic manually cranked the wheel into the locked position. The pilot then resumed its approach. The airplane was about 6 miles from the runway when fuel pressure for the number three engine dropped below minimum. The boost pumps were turned on; however, fuel pressure did not recover, and the engine lost power. The low fuel pressure light then illuminated for the number four engine. The captain commanded the flight engineer to switch fuel feed to another tank. The flight engineer's response was, "There is no other tank. We're out of fuel." The captain pushed the throttles forward and called for the number three engine to be feathered. When the throttles were pushed forward, multiple engine surges occurred. Then the surging stopped, and it appeared that the remaining engines had also lost power. The airplane was rapidly losing altitude and the captain decided to ditch in Elliott Bay. After landing, the airplane remained afloat while the crew evacuated. They were quickly picked up by rescue boats. The airplane was subsequently towed to shallower water by a Seattle Police Department boat before it partially sank in the water just offshore. The day after the accident, the aircraft was lifted from the water.Damaged beyond repair in a storm.Reportedly damaged beyond repair in a storm.A Mitsubishi MU-300, N617BG, was substantially damaged during a landing overrun on runway 30 at Anderson Municipal-Darlington Field Airport (AID), Indiana. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The two flight crew members and four passengers were uninjured. The Boeing 727 ran off the side of the runway. Damage was sustained to the left main landing gear, nose landing gear, forward fuselage belly, left engine, and left wing and flaps.During the approach to Djibouti-Ambouli Airport (JIB), the crew requested runway 27 although runway 09 was in use. The Let crashed into the sea while completing a left hand turn for runway 27.The Britten Norman Islander was being loaded with avgas for a company flight from Elk Island, MB to Bolton Lake. Hazmat-trained personnel were transferring the fuel from a large stationary tank with a gasoline-powered pump to an approved tank in the aircraft. When the pump was shut off, it backfired and a small fireball ignited at the pump and traveled into the aircraft. A fire ensued, which consumed the aircraft. No personnel were in the aircraft and no-one was injured.The Caravan departed Minneapolis (MSP) at 01:05 for Detroit (YIP). The aircraft entered an area of icing conditions and descended from 5000 feet back to 4000 feet. At 01:45 the pilot reported problems maintaining altitude: "...looks like we're gonna need to land somewhere we're starting to have a hard time holding altitude here." The Minneapolis ARTCC controller informed N228PA that the Winona airport (ONA) was about 22 miles at the one o'clock position.While flying at an altitude of 3000 feet the top left wing snapped off. The aircraft entered a spin and crashed in a lagoon.A CRJ-200ER, N622BR, operating as Atlantic Coast Airlines (ACA) flight 7682, struck two wild turkeys while initiating a takeoff from runway 30 at Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD). None of the 3 crewmembers or 50 passengers on board was injured. The airplane sustained damage to the number-two engine inlet, the first officer's windshield, and a 14- by 4-inch section of fuselage skin just below the windshield seal on the first officer's side. Antonov 2 LY-AVD departed from Budapest at 08:29 for a VFR flight with destination Tunis. According to the flight plan the track would over fly Split, Pescara, the crossing of the Apennines towards Ostia and then onwards its destination, Tunis. The meteorological conditions over the central part of Italy on that March the 9th were characterized by a cold front associated with numerous thunderstorm areas, low cloud coverage over the mountainous Apennines accompanied by icing conditions. After leaving Split, and crossing the Adriatic sea LY-AVD over flew Pescara at 13:20 where the pilot informed the local ATC that the aircraft was inbound Aneda (a reporting point 19 NM East of Monte Rotondo) at a cruising altitude of 5.500 feet (1.676 m). While in vicinity of Pescara, ATC requested and obtained confirmation from LY-AVD that VFR conditions were maintainable. The radio communication ended with the instruction to LY-AVDA maintenance crew prepared the aircraft to taxi. After engine start up both engines went to flight idle because someone inadvertently pulled the flight idle circuit breaker. The A.300 jumped the chocks and headed for the Airport Repairs Cargo hangar. Since the engines were in flight idle braking and nosewheel steering did not work. The maintenance crew tried to reduce power on engine number and failing in that, increased power to 90% on the number 2 engine. A Fokker 100 airplane, N1425A, operating as American Airlines Flight 334 experienced an uncontained rupture of the auxiliary power unit's (APU) turbine wheel while operating during de-icing procedures at the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW), Texas. The four crew members and thirty passengers were not injured. When the plane was ready to depart, the senior cabin attendant took her seat, which is adjacent to the forward passenger door and faces rearwards. The first officer commenced the takeoff roll, using a decision speed of 107 kt. All appeared normal until 100 kt when the first officer glanced down and saw the red 'Doors' warning caption illuminate. He immediately called "STOP STOP STOP" and rejected the takeoff, bringing the aircraft to a complete halt on the runway. During the deceleration, the audio warning sounded. Once the aircraft was stationary the commander vacated his seat to check the situation in the passenger cabin whilst the first officer contacted ATC to inform them of the emergency. The commander returned to his seat, shut down the left hand engine and taxied to an allocated stand where the passengers were deplaned from a rear door.The aircraft landed on a runway covered with one inch of snow. Directional control was lost and the airplane ran off the right side of the runway, colliding with a snowbank. The aircraft was considered damaged beyond repair and sold to Dodson International Air Parts.Landed 450 m short of the runway while approaching the airport during a heavy snowstorm. Reportedly written off.A United Airlines Boeing 757-200, N589UA, was impacted by the boom of a de-icing truck while it was standing in position on the ramp with the engines running. There were no injuries, but the aircraft sustained substantial damage. The scheduled domestic passenger flight was preparing to depart for Chicago-O'Hare International Airport, Illinois.Undershot runway 34, bounced and landed hard on the runway, causing the left main gear leg to collapse. The Antonov slid off the side of the runway.When the aircraft was 80 km out of Mashhad and at FL230, suddenly the autopilot disengaged and there were warnings indicating engine no. 4 was on fire. The plane yawed to starboard. The fire spread to the wing and eventually the no. 4 engine fell off.The aircraft crashed after striking treetops while on final approach to Lakhta.The Tupolev sustained substantial damage during a heavy landing at Mashhad. The airplane was ferried to Moscow-Vnukovo for damage assessment. While being towed at Vnukovo, the nose gear collapsed. It was decided to write off the plane and use it for spares.Hijacked by four leftist guerrillas forcing it to land in a rural town and kidnapping a senator who was on board.Crash-landed at Rumbek after suffering a catastrophic engine failure while delivering relief supplies.The Antonov was hijacked by a man who was believed to be carrying two grenades. The airplane landed at Havana were it was refueled. About 11:00, after the release of at least 26 passengers the aircraft departed for Key West.THY Flight 160 was hijacked by a man, shortly after takeoff from Istanbul. He wanted to be flown to Germany, but the plane first landed at Athens around 23:59 to refuel. After releasing all of the passengers, he reportedly tried to keep the pilots aboard but finally surrendered. Turkish police said the 20-year-old hijacker had been hoping to fly to Germany to join his birth father after a dispute with his stepfather in Turkey.The aircraft crashed into a mountain at 7000 feet, about three minutes after takeoff.The aircraft touched down right wing low about 20 metres left of runway 06 at night in 1600 metres visibility. It continued to roll parallel to the runway for several hundred meters before rolling onto the paved surface. The nose gear collapsed. The airplane sustained substantial damage. Some reports say the plane was written off September 16, 2003. Perhaps this is the date that the plane was cancelled from the Moroccan register.Crashed into the sea during an exercise.The Caravan plane N5512B was the second plane used on classified counter-drug intelligence missions on behalf of the U.S. military. The other Caravan N1116G had crashed near Florencia on February 13. Three crew members were taken hostage by FARC rebels in the area. N5512 departed Bogota and landed at the Larandia Air Base where it refueled. At 19:06 the airplane departed Larandia for a reconnaissance flight to find three Americans who where taken hostage. It banked slightly west after takeoff, then turned northeast towards a mountainous area. Nine minutes after takeoff, 13 miles from the runway, the Cessna contacted a large tree on a ridgeline at an altitude of about 4500 feet. The airplane yawed violently, rolled into a near vertical dive and impacted the bottom of a brush-covered gully 1500 feet below the ridge where the aircraft disintegrated on impact and caught fire.After an aborted NDB descent, the aircraft went around for a new attempt, reaching VFR conditions with runway 35 (asphalt, 1390 m long). There were large and medium cloud formations in the area. A tailwind landing was attempted. After landing, the pilot lost control and the aircraft went off the end of the runway. After crossing the concrete breakwater it ran into the Canal de Bertioga and sank, suffering serious damage. The occupants escaped unhurt.TransAsia Airways Flight 543 from Taipei squashed a utility vehicle on runway 36R as it landed at Tainan Airport in southern Taiwan, injuring two construction workers. The aircraft fuselage sustained severe damage.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, XC-ADP, was sustained serious damaged to the rear fuselage when it suffered a runway excursion after landing. The aircraft struck several rocks in the process.Six men hijacked the plane using kitchen knives, tape and the airplane's own emergency hatchet. They demanded to be flown north to Miami. Florida Air National Guard F-15 fighter jets from Homestead Air Force Base and a Black Hawk helicopter from the Customs Service escorted the Douglas DC-3 to Key West where it landed at 20:06.The Beechcraft attempted to take off from the Obuasi Airstrip, which is a private field for the Ashanti Gold Fields Company. While accelerating through a speed of 80 kts (V1 was 104 kts), the EFIS tubes went blank. The pilot aborted the takeoff and swerved the plane to the right avoid a valley at the end of the runway. The aircraft came to a rest on a slope and rocky ground off the runway.The Cessna 501 jet departed Salt Lake City for a flight to Sun Valley at 13:40. Cruising altitude was FL350 from which the pilot initiated a descent at 13:59.The aircraft lost engine power at 130m AGL after takeoff. The pilot made a left turn and flew back to the airfield. He touched some trees and made a bumpy landing. The Antonov flipped over and sustained substantial damage. The occupants escaped uninjured.Ran off the runway. Undercarriage and wings collapsed and a fire ensued.Singapore Airlines flight SQ286 taxied to runway 05L at Auckland's International Airport and was cleared for takeoff. When the captain rotated the aeroplane for lift-off the tail struck the runway and scraped for some 490 metres until the aeroplane became airborne. The tail strike occurred because the rotation speed was 33 knots less than the 163 knots required for the aeroplane weight. The rotation speed had been mistakenly calculated for an aeroplane weighing 100 tonnes less than the actual weight of 9V-SMT. A takeoff weight transcription error, which remained undetected, led to the miscalculation of the takeoffThe Turbo DC-3 was approaching the Rumbek airstrip (1400 m x 35 m, gravel) and at approx. 60 feet above the ground, the aircraft suddenly lost 9 knots in typical windshear conditions. The aircraft landed heavy and came to rest in a ditch. Both engines and the landing gear were torn off in the accident. The aircraft was temporary repaired on site by replacing two main landing gear, tailwheel, two engines, two props, one aileron and some skin repair. It was flown back to South Africa on 17 April 2003.According to the pilot, an unsafe right gear indication was received during approach to New Bern. During a flyby the control tower controller confirmed the right gear was not fully extended. The pilot declared an emergency and diverted to Kingston Regional Jetport to conduct an emergency landing on runway 05. On landing roll the right main landing gear collapsed and the airplane slid off of the runway. Examination of the right main landing gear revealed the drag brace was fractured.According to the pilot, an unsafe right gear indication was received during approach to New Bern. During a flyby the control tower controller confirmed the right gear was not fully extended. The pilot declared an emergency and diverted to Kingston Regional Jetport to conduct an emergency landing on runway 05. On landing roll the right main landing gear collapsed and the airplane slid off of the runway. Examination of the right main landing gear revealed the drag brace was fractured.After startup the ATR-42 taxied to intersection BB for a runway 25 departure. The engines were running at approx 70% torque, prior to brake release, when the swinging lever of the left hand main gear failed.Shortly after takeoff from Creswell at an altitude of 1,000 feet agl a total loss of engine power occurred, necessitating a forced landing. The airplane touched down uneventfully in an open pasture, but subsequently impacted trees at the end of a field resulting in substantial damage to the aircraft.Air Algérie flight 6289 originated in Tamanrasset and was bound for Algiers, with an intermediate stop at Ghardaia. Takeoff was commenced from runway 02 with the co-pilot acting as pilot-in-command. The aircraft rotated and at 15:14:52 the co-pilot ordered the gear to be raised. At that moment, at a height of 78 feet and a speed of 158 kts, the no. 1 engine suffered a turbine failure. The captain took over control of the airplane. Three seconds later the co-pilot asked if she should raise the gear, but the captain did not respond. The 737 lost speed and at 15:15:06 the speed had dropped to 134 kts. Height at that moment was 398 ft. The aircraft, named "Monts du Daia", stalled and crashed and broke up on rocky terrain about 1645 metres past the runway.Gabon Express flight 221 departed Libreville at 09:11 for a domestic flight to Franceville. It is reported that a loss of oil pressure in the no. 2 engine forced the crew to shut down the engine. They decided to return to the airport. On the approach the undercarriage would not extend because of problems with the hydraulics. The HS-748 overflew the runway and the pilot ditched the plane some 100 m offshore.The Antonov landed long and overshot the runway at Geneina, shearing off the undercarriage.Reportedly destroyed in a hangar collapse in a storm.Damaged in forced landing following loss of engine power.The Antonov reportedly suffered problems with the left main undercarriage after takeoff from Beni. The airplane was headed for Goma, Congo, but diverted to Kigali for an emergency landing. The aircraft crashed on landing, causing the Russian pilots and Congolese passengers to sustain serious injuries. The An-32 involved in the accident had been detained in Goma mid-July 2003 because it carried a shipment of armaments destined for a Rwanda-backed militia in the Congolese Kasai region.A Raytheon 390 Premier I jet sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Las Vegas-North Air Terminal, NV (VGT). Crashed into the Lamjura hill while on approach to Lukla. At that the time of the crash there was heavy cloud buildup over the 3,600 m Lamjura Pass which planes have to cross to get into Lukla. The Nepalese accident investigation committee concluded that the captain provided false information to the Area Control Centre by declaring that he was proceeding south of the track while proceeding along the direct track all the time.The Let 410 collided in flight with Blue Bird Aviation's 5Y-VVD which crashed in an open field, killing both crew members. 5Y-VVA landed safely, although damaged.The Let 410 departed Nairobi at 06:52 on a cargo flight to Somalia. The airplane, which carried 55 bags of miraa (khat) weighing 1,500 kilogrammes, crashed in an open field after colliding in flight with Let 410 5Y-VVA (msn 962633). The latter landed safely, although damaged.The Antonov 2 stalled and crashed on takeoff. It appeared that the load distribution placed the centre of gravity outside the limits. Also, the aircraft had been serviced using AI-96 motor gasoline instead of aviation fuel.The Ilyushin freighter, loaded with clothes and convenience goods, departed Taiyuan, China at 05:50 for a cargo flight to Riga, Latvia. Intermediate stops were planned at Urumqi and Baku, Azerbaijan. The airplane touched down at Urumqi at 09:10, taxied to the apron where it was refueled. At 10:48 the flight took off from Urumqi for the next leg to Baku. Some two minutes after takeoff the plane apparently descended, crashing nose-first into a farm. The Il-76 was reportedly owned by Silk Way Airlines and leased to Azal.After 14 passengers had boarded the float-equipped Twin Otter, the flight was cleared for west bound takeoff by Male Tower. Wind was 230/09 knots. The total length of the east west runway available for takeoff and maneuvering up to the Hulhule sea wall is approximately 1000 meters. The aircraft seemed to accelerate slowly. Approaching the sea wall captain, realising the height of the aircraft, pulled on the controls to clear the obstacle. The aircraft left float struck the sea wall and separated. The left wing then rotated upwards at the pivot point at the trailing edge of wing. The airplane then impacted runway 18. The right hand float was pushed upwards, causing it to strike the no. 2 propeller.The Embraer 120 airplane was on a domestic flight from São Paulo de Olivença to Manaus via Tefé. While 20 nm out of Manaus, air traffic control instructed the pilot to leave the landing pattern to the left in order to give priority to a medical aircraft. The airplane proceeded under radar vectoring and confirmed it had reached 2,000 feet at 18:34. This was the last contact with the flight. The wreckage of the airplane was located at 18:50 about 18 nm from the airport, in a heavily forested area. There were no survivors.The Antonov 12 transport plane operated on several round trips between Juba and El Obeid since May 9, 2004. Each time 9018 kgs of fuel was uplifted in El Obeid while the average fuel consumption for a round trip was 10000 kgs.Flight 5401 departed Mayagüez, Puerto Rico, for San Juan about 14:15. The captain was the nonflying pilot for the flight, and the first officer was the flying pilot. The takeoff, climb, and en route portions of the flight were uneventful. At 14:37, as the flight approached the San Juan traffic area, the ATIS reported that winds were 060 degrees at 17 knots and gusting at 23 knots. Shortly thereafter, the captain briefed a Vref (the minimum approach airspeed in the landing configuration before the airplane reaches the runway threshold) of 95 knots and told the first officer to "stand by for winds." At 14:43 SJU Terminal Radar Approach Control cautioned the pilots of possible wake turbulence from a preceding Boeing. The captain told the first officer to slow down to about 140 kts. At 14:46, the local controller cleared the airplane to land on runway 08. The first officer turned the airplane left toward runway 08 and transitioned to the visual approach slope indicator. At 14:49, the captain stated, "you better keep that nose down or get some power up because you're gonna balloon." The airplane descended below the glideslope, causing a GPWS "glideslope" alert. The airplane was about 45 feet above ground level and traveling at 110 knots indicated airspeed when it crossed the runway 08 threshold. After the airplane crossed the runway threshold, the captain stated, "power in a little bit, don't pull the nose up, don't pull the nose up." At 14:49:39, the captain stated, "you're ballooning," and the first officer replied, "all right." In preparation for a flight to Fairbanks, the crew successfully started engines number 4,3, and 2 in succession. As the crew started engine number 1, an explosion occurred in the wing area between engines no. 1 and 2. Engine no. 1 and the remaining outboard section of the left wing separated from the rest of the wing. The crew applied engine power in the remaining engines and taxied away from the area of the explosion. The crew then stopped about mid-field and disembarked the airplane.A Transall C-160R transport plane, operated by the French Air Force, suffered a fuel tank fire on the ground at Fort de France-Lamentin Air Base (BA 365), Martinique. The three pilots and five mechanics escaped unhurt.The twin-engined Let plane was chartered from Kush Air by Sudanese Women in Development and Peace to deliver relief supplies to a school project in Ayod. The plane was flown by two pilots from New Zealand. According to the owner of the plane cargo shifted after takeoff, causing the centre of gravity to shift to a point where the plane stalled and crashed.The aircraft flew into the side of a mountain at an altitude of about 2000 meters. The crew were carrying out a geophysical survey over the Sierra del Rosario mountain range.The Metro III airplane took off from Bogotá-Eldorado Airport (BOG) on a passenger flight to Carepa. During the descent the first officer was Pilot Flying.Damaged beyond repair.Shorts 360 EI-BPD departed Dublin at 18:14 for a flight to Sheffield. The aircraft was cleared for the ILS/DME procedure for runway 28 and the crew requested the QFE which was 980 hPa. The decision height for the approach was 400 feet. At 1918:11 the crew reported that they were established on the localizer. When the aircraft intercepted the glidepath, the flaps were set to 15° correctly configuring the aircraft for the approach. The handling pilot recalled that initially the rate of descent was slightly higher than the expected 650 ft/min leading him to suspect the presence of a tailwind, however, the rate of descent returned to a more normal value when approximately 4 nm from the runway. The propellers were set to the maximum rpm at 1,200 feet agl. When the crew reported that they were inside 4 nm they were cleared to land and passed the surface wind, which was variable at 2 kt; they were also warned that the runway surface was wet. Both pilots saw the runway lights when approaching 400 feet agl; the flaps were selected to 30° and confirmed at that position. Both pilots believed that the airspeed was satisfactory but, as the commander checked back on the control column for the landing, the rate of descent increased noticeably and the aircraft landed firmly. Both pilots believed that the power levers were in the flight idle position and neither was aware of any unusual control inputs during the landing flare. The aircraft bounced before hitting the ground again, this time with the nose wheel first, before bouncing once more. The aircraft was then seen to travel about half way along the runway before slewing to the left and running onto the grass. When the aircraft stopped the left wing tip appeared to be touching the grass.Crashed and burst into flames on landing. The UNITA claimed responsibility and said all 22 on board were killed in the accident. Officials sources deny these claims and say the Antonov skidded off the runway following engine problems and stated that 10 occupants were injured.Burnt out; probably arson.Burnt out; probably arson.The aircraft departed Fairbanks around 11:30 to deliver about 4,800 gallons of fuel oil to the remote mining site 12 miles north of Crooked Creek, AK. The 5,400 feet long by 100 feet wide airstrip is situated within hilly, snow-covered terrain and has a 7 percent uphill grade. Flat light conditions existed at the airstrip, and light snow showers were present, with visibility reported at 2 miles. The captain stated that during final approach, as the airplane passed over the airstrip threshold, flat light conditions made it very difficult to discern where the airstrip surface was. He said that the initial touch down was "firm", but was thought to be within acceptable tolerances. Just after touchdown, the left wing broke free from the airplane at the wing to fuselage attach point. The airplane veered to the left, and off the left side of the runway.The Caravelle was operating on a cargo flight from Bogotá to Mitú via Yopal. The aircraft departed Yopal at 13:45. While attempting to land at Mitú, the landing gear struck the ground short of the threshold. The crew carried out a go around and returned to Yopal. En route the no. 1 engine was shut down because of low oil pressure. The Caravelle flew over the control tower at Yopal twice to determine the state of the undercarriage. It appeared that part of the left main landing gear was missing. The crew then positioned the plane for an approach and landing. As the plane turned into long final it struck the ground, crash-landed in a meadow and caught fire. The cargo consisted of a.o. 14 barrels with 55 gallons of gasoline each.A man hijacked the flight while it was on the ground at San Vicente del Caguán. The airplane departed at 16:50, flying to the military air base located next to Bogotá-Eldorado Airport where it arrived at 17:35. During the negotiations five passengers were released. He demanded to be taken to Spain. At 21:55 the remaining occupants managed to overpower the hijacker.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, N81PF, owned by North Bay Charter, LLC, and operated by Jet Express Services, crashed into rolling terrain near Strasburg, CO. The flight was operating on an instrument flight rules flight plan. The flight departed about 17:18 from Broomfield-Jeffco Airport, CO (BJC), with two pilots and eight passengers aboard. N81PF was one of three airplanes transporting members of the Oklahoma State University basketball team and associated team personnel to Stillwater Regional Airport, OK (SWO), after a game at the University of Colorado at Boulder that afternoon. All 10 occupants aboard N81PF were killed, and the airplane was destroyed by impact forces and a post crash fire. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident.After takeoff from Omsk engine problems forced the crew of this Antonov 70 to perform an emergency landing in the snow. The aircraft crash-landed and sustained substantial damage to the fuselage. The aircraft was on its way to Yakutsk for the final tests of the plane in low temperature conditions.An Iraqi male attempted to hijack the flight using a small knife. He attempted to enter the cockpit but was quickly overpowered by the senior steward and two passengers. The hijacker later told authorities that he wanted to go to Australia.The captain flew the VOR approach to runway 32 at Sault Ste Marie. At 2,500 feet they were out of the clouds and he initiated a visual straight-in approach. After aligning the airplane with the runway, the captain said he noticed that there was contamination on the runway. The captain briefed that they would perform a go-around if by midfield they were not decelerating adequately. The captain said that they touched down within the first third of the runway. Close to midfield the airplane fishtailed. Past midfield, the captain called a go-around. The first officer said that the captain added power and he retracted the airbrakes. The Cessna overran the runway and went down a cliff, coming to rest approximately 300 feet northwest of the departure end of runway 32.The DC-3 was flying tourists back from Canaima to Porlamar and made a refueling stop at Ciudad Bolívar. Shortly after takeoff engine problems forced the pilot to return to Ciudad Bolívar. While trying to return, control was lost and the DC-3 crashed into the residential El Perú area, vía La piscina. The aircraft struck a large tree and burst into flames.The Let 410 departed Jos at 19:34 for a flight to Maiduguri. The crew had been told by air traffic control that visibility at Maiduguri was nine kilometers. During the flight they were informed that it had reduced to five kilometers. When they reached Maiduguri, however, visibility was around just 150 m, due to a dust storm. The aircraft crash-landed near the airport while on approach to runway 05. Nigerian Aviation Safety Initiative (NASI) officials said that irregular power supply and control of air field lighting may have been contributory factors to the crash.DC-3 N19454, owned by Southcentral Air but reportedly operating on a flight for Majestic Air Cargo, departed Unalaska Island for a cargo flight to Anchorage.An Iraqi man hijacked the flight some 15 minutes after takeoff. He was armed with a pen gun and claimed to have explosives in his briefcase. He demanded to be taken to Baghdad. The airplane diverted to Djibouti for refueling. There the flight crew overpowered the hijacker.Crashed after entering a spin from which recovery was not possible.The airplane collided with two deer shortly after touchdown at Troy Municipal Airport, AL (TOI). Following the collision, the airplane continued down the runway with the tires smoking, veered off the right side of the runway near the end, crossed a taxiway, impacted into a ditch and burst into flames. After the accident, the captain and first officer both reported that the thrust reversers failed to operate after they were deployed during the landing.The aircraft departed Parnamirim dos Crioulos on an aerial survey flight. After approximately 15 minutes flying over the region, it ran into adverse weather conditions and crashed into a mountain at an elevation of about 4,600 feet.Twin Otter N824ED departed Alexandria at 13:15 for an IFR flight to Meacham. The flight was cleared for the ILS 34R approach and as the airplane was approaching the point of glide slope intercept, the right engine surged and quit, followed by the left engine. The airplane was vectored toward the Sycamore Airstrip; however, the pilot realized that the flight could not make the airport. The pilot performed a forced landing to a field. During the landing roll, the airplane crossed a road, and the right wing struck a tree. Subsequently, the nose landing gear separated when it struck a dirt berm, and the airplane came to a stop upright. The aircraft is possibly damaged beyond repair.The left main gear failed as the aircraft taxied onto runway 11 for departure. The aircraft was evacuated.A Boeing 727-23F operated by Air Gemini reportedly sustained damage in an emergency landing at Luanda Airport (LAD), Angola.Flew into the side of Ebini mountain. The airplane was chartered by a building contractor.The Navy aircraft departed Timika at 10:25 for a 90-minute flight to Jayapura. The wreckage was found to have struck Trikora peak at an altitude of 11800 feet in an area of mountainous jungle.The cargo plane approached Dundo in favourable weather conditions. The airplane touched down just short of the runway. The right main landing gear collapsed after striking the raised lip of the runway. The Boeing 727 continued onto the runway and deviated to the right; it slid off the runway onto an area covered with high grass and bushes. Then the other landing gear legs collapsed. In the mishap a man was killed who had stopped to relieve himself close to runway.A Learjet 35, N435JL, was substantially damaged during an aborted takeoff at the Schenectady-County Airport, NY (SCH). The certificated airline transport pilot, commercial pilot, and passenger were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and an IFR flight plan was filed for the air response medical flight to New York-La Guardia Airport, NY (LGA).Flight AR1289 suffered a crack in the fuselage near the cabin door while climbing through FL330, causing depressurization. The plane diverted to San Juan.An uncontained engine fire erupted from engine no.1, following which the aircraft lost height. Both fire bottles were fired on the engine, but with no success. Struggling to control the aircraft with bank angles of around 85 degrees, the crew tried to extend the flaps to 45 degrees. The rate of descent reduced to 700 feet/min, but an asymmetric flap condition caused a increase in the rate of descent to 1500 feet/min with bank angles up to 110 degrees at a speed of 98 knots. The captain then pulled the power off and performed a hard landing in a jungle clearing.Crashed after requesting to make an emergency landing at Monrovia. The aircraft reportedly carried arms.A Boeing 727 cargo plane, N190AJ, sustained substantial damage during an approach to landing at the Kotzebue-Ralph Wien Memorial Airport, Alaska. The airplane was operated by Northern Air Cargo as Flight 20, originating at the Fairbanks Airport, Alaska. Crashed into the Sarsura Glacier at an altitude of 9640 feet, while on approach to runway 21 at St. Moritz-Samedan, Switzerland (SMV). Both occupants were killed and the aircraft completely destroyed.Gulfstream V N777TY was flown to West Palm Beach (PBI) to undergo maintenance. The airplane was on jacks, for a tire change, when a mechanic needed access to the airplane's Maintenance Data Acquisition Unit (MDAU) to check out the problem that the airplane was having regarding false over speed warnings. Since the airplane was on jacks the mechanic had to disable the weight-on-wheel (WOW) switches in order to simulate that the WOW was in the ground mode, not in the air mode, and to gain access to the MDAU. The mechanic said he used a "Popsicle stick" to disable these switches. After the maintenance was completed the sticks were not removed, and the inspector that returned the airplane to service was not aware that the WOW switches had been disabled for any reason and no notation was mentioned in the work logs. As the plane was lifting off from the Sam Neua runway, at a height of about two meters, a gust of wind pulled it back causing the plane to crashland on the runway. Only one passenger was injured, but the plane was damaged beyond repair. The engines were sent to Singapore for refurbishing; the fuselage was cut up and bundled and will be sent to Vietnam for sale as scrap metal.Flew into rising terrain in poor visibility. The MC-130P was operating as "Ditka 03" on a special ops mission refueling MH-47E Chinook helicopters.The HS-125-400B aircraft was parked on the international departures apron at Lanseria Airport, South Africa ready for a flight to Blantyre, Malawi.Crashed into the Kuh-e Sefid Mountain at 9100 feet while descending for Khorramabad, in preparation for a non-precision approach to runway 11. The cockpit voice recorder was located Feb. 17, 2002. It is said that the plane was found at a position 3 nm left of the extended centreline of the runway.No. 1 engine failure on takeoff. Unable to climb when no. 4 engine started to lose power. Crash-landed straight ahead.A Mitsubishi MU-300 corporate jet, N541CW, was substantially damaged during an overrun at the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Airport, OH (CGF). The two pilots were not injured. Night instrument meteorological conditions prevailed, and an instrument flight rules flight plan was filed for the positioning flight that originated from the Chicago-Palwaukee Municipal Airport, IL (PWK).The airplane touched down at Novato Airport's runway 13 about 1/3 of the way down the 3300 feet runway. The pilot applied ground flaps and spoilers, braked hard. The pilot reported that the airplane was not decelerating normally, so he decided to abort the landing. He applied full power for takeoff; however, he forgot to retract the ground flaps and spoilers. The airplane did not liftoff the ground and ran off the departure end of the runway coming to rest in a ditch.Crashed.Crashed into a mountain in the Atlas mountain range at 9900 feet.A Beech 200 twin-engine airplane, was substantially damaged during a hard landing at Camden-Harrell Field, Arkansas, USA. The airplane was registered to and operated by Lockheed Martin Vought Systems. The eight occupants were not injured. A Dornier Do 28D-2 Skyservant turboprop ditched at sea off Isla Larga, Los Roques, Venezuela. The pilot and all twelve passengers were rescued.The mishap aircraft, call sign Pacer 43, was conducting pattern work operations during an off-station training mission at Ellsworth AFB, SD (RCA). Shortly before impact, the mishap crew was conducting a simulated single-engine approach to runway 31 at Ellsworth AFB. Subsequent analysis showed that there was a significantly greater amount of fuel in the left wing and left wing tip tank than the right. The gross fuel imbalance resulted from an unmonitored transfer of fuel from the right wing and right wing tip tank to the left that was initiated by the crew approximately nine and one-half minutes before impact. As the aircraft approached the point when it would normally transition to a flare, it leveled off and began a climbing turn to the west, toward the tower. It did not touch down prior to the turn, but veered left immediately during the flare, and then rolled back to wings level momentarily as it climbed.The Antonov landed on the dirt Kavak Airstrip which is located in the Canaima National Park. It ran off the side of the runway and sustained substantial damage.TAME Flight 120 was a scheduled flight from Quito to Cali, Colombia via Tulcán. The Boeing 727 took off from runway 17 at 10:03 for the first leg to Tulcán. The flight climbed to the cruising altitude of FL180 and proceeded on the G-675 airway towards Ipiales from where it was to turn to Tulcán. At 10:15 the flight contacted Tulcán Tower. At that moment the airplane was 29 miles from the Tulcán NDB. The crew received permission to descend to FL140 and was given the current weather information, which included 8000 metres visibility, few clouds at 200 metres and overcast at 500 metres. The approach procedure called for a speed of 180 kts, but the actual speed was much higher at 230 knots. During the descent the airplane flew into the side of the Nevado el Cumbal Volcano at 14,700 feet, 1400 feet below the summit.Crashed 2 km short of the runway while attempting to land in heavy rain. Other reports indicate a death toll of three.Snow fell as the pilot attempted a takeoff from the snow-covered runway 23 at Waterville (WVL) for a cargo flight to Manchester (MHT) on behalf of UPS. The reported wind was 130 degrees from the right at 16, gusting to 24 knots. The pilot selected the runway, in part, because of a 1.2 percent downslope. The pilot rotated the nose of the airplane at 80 knots, and the airplane "pulled" to the left. The pilot lowered the nose and reduced power, but the airplane continued to "slide" to the left, off the runway, and into 6 to 8 inches (15-20 cm) of snow. It then nosed over, and came to rest inverted.Seven minutes from Guayaramerín, the no. 1 engine failed. A single engine approach and landing was carried out. On landing, the Friendship overran the runway through the perimeter fence and a ditch. The nosegear collapsed, the right hand main gear leg separated and the right wing broke.An Airbus A321-131, JA104A, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Hakodate Airport (HKD), Japan. There were 87 passengers and six crew members on board. Three cabin attendants sustained minor injuries.A McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32, N837AT, operated by Air Tran Airways as flight 67, was substantially damaged during pushback at Washington-Dulles International Airport, Virginia. There were no injuries. Ditched following a loss of power on both engines. The aircraft came to rest in six feet of water near the shoreline.The FH-227 departed Quito at 10:38 for a 37-minute flight to fly workers to an oil site in the Amazon jungle. The VFR flight was conducted at an altitude of 15,500 feet. At 10:50 the crew contacted the Nueva Loja Tower at Lago Agrio and reported near Olmedo. The Tower controller reported that runway 23 was in use and that the weather included a 6 knot wind at 020 degrees, temperature 29 degrees. The crew were then to have turned from 064 to 094 degrees, direct to Lago Agrio. They failed to do so and continued their present heading. After reporting 50 miles out at 10:59, they were cleared to descend. This was the last contact with the flight. The crew continued their descent until the airplane flew into the fog-shrouded side of El Tigre Mountain at an elevation of 11,916 feet.While trying to land at Chilpancingo, the Twin Otter apparently went off the runway. The aircraft struck a concrete airport perimeter wall, overturned and caught fire.While trying to land at Chilpancingo, the Twin Otter apparently went off the runway. The aircraft struck a concrete airport perimeter wall, overturned and caught fire.Bad weather at destination Novosibirsk had forced the crew to divert to Omsk. It descended from 9,600 m (31,500 feet) to 3,000 m (9,840 feet) before coming under the guidance of the local approach control centre and being cleared to land. At 1,000 m (3,280 feet) both engines failed. The crew managed to extend the landing gear. The aircraft skidded off the icy runway and came to rest 450 m past the end of the runway.The Boeing 737 arrived in Pekanbaru on schedule after a flight from Jakarta. The airplane was prepared for the continuing flight to Batam. At 10:05 the First Officer asked for start clearance and received weather information. The weather was fine, wind calm and clear. After start-up was completed, the aircraft taxied to runway 18. The crew decided to use 'reduced take off power' with an assumed temperature of 35 deg. C, while the actual temperature was 27 deg. C. The First Officer acted as Pilot Flying. After being cleared for takeoff, the captain advanced the throttles and adjusted them to the required take off power setting. He then called the V1 and VR speeds and the First Officer pulled the control column to a 15 deg. nose up pitch. The aircraft’s nose lifted up, but the aircraft did not become airborne. The stick shaker activated. The captain then added power and the speed increased to V2+15 (approx. 158 KIAS) but the aircraft still did not get airborne. The captain then decided to abort . He called 'stop', retarded the power levers to idle, applied reverse thrust, extended the speed brake and applied brakes. The nose of the aircraft touched down hard, causing the front left door (L1) to open and two trolleys at front galley to move forward, blocking the cockpit door. The flight crew turned the aircraft slightly to the right to avoid approach lights ahead. It hit some trees and stopped at approx. 275 meters from the end of runway.Flight IBT1278 departed Madrid (MAD) at 06:35 for a flight to Bilbao (BIO), with 2873 kg of cargo on board. The aircraft climbed to its assigned cruising altitude of FL220, which was reached at 06:53. Permission to descend was given at 07:12 and at 07:23 the crew started an ILS approach to runway 30. Two minutes later the captain experienced control problems, which he attributed to an autopilot malfunction. An increase in the rate of descent went unnoticed by the crew who tried to find out the cause of the control problems. As the plane was descending over mountainous terrain, the GPWS alarm sounded three times. The approach controller then asked if the flight was established on the localizer and ILS glidepath. The copilot then replied that they had captured the localizer. Approach Control then instructed the crew to contact Bilbao Tower. Contact was not established however. The copilot noticed that they had not captured the glidepath and informed the captain. The airplane´s speed and rate of descent were reduced and a smooth climb was initiated. Six seconds later the airplane flew into the side of the Monte de Santa Marina, some 18 nm (33 km) from Bilbao Airport. The mountain has an altitude of 675 m (2215 ft).About 5 minutes after takeoff, the pilots felt high vibrations in the airplane, and the No. 2 engine’s low oil pressure warning light illuminated. When the pilots attempted to shut down the No. 2 engine with the fuel lever, the lever jammed. They then shut down the engine by pulling the fire handle. The airplane returnedA USMC Lockheed KC-130R Hercules transport plane was destroyed in an accident near Shamsi, Pakistan. All seven crew members were killed.The Airwork F-27 was on a training flight, during which the crew carried out an exercise that simulated a gear problem. They extended the gear using the emergency system. However, after landing they did not select the main gear handle down and in addition did not install the gear locking pins. The crew were then distracted by other events and during this the co-pilot selected the emergency gear handle up to reset the system. The main gear then partially collapsed.After having been cleared to enter the Kotzebue airspace, the pilot established a GPS waypoint 4 miles (6,4 km) from runway 08 and descended to 1,000 feet. He continued inbound and descended to an altitude of 300 feet. At one mile from the airport, the pilot said he looked up from the instrument panel but could not see the airport. He also stated that he was in a whiteout condition. The airplane collided with the snow-covered sea ice, short of the runway threshold.The Let 410 was involved in skydiving flights out of Borki aerodrome. The aircraft in question was owned by Mr Yu. M Kabanov, deputy director of the Aviation Complex Myachkovo (AKM) and used by the Borki Air Club. On the day of the accident 23 skydivers boarded the Let 410. This was illegal since the maximum number of skydivers allowed on a Let 410 is 12 with lateral seating. In this case nearly all skydivers were sitting on the airplane's floor, one even occupied the toilet. As a result the airplane was overloaded by 618 kg and the centre of gravity was probably about 32% MAC where the maximum rear CofG was 28% MAC. At an altitude of about 3900 metres eleven skydivers prepared to exit the plane. When four of them had gotten out the CofG moved further aft (probably to about 35%) causing the Let to pitch up. The plane stalled, fell to the left and descended out of control. At an altitude of 2000 metres the aft fuselage section failed. Several skydivers were thrown out and the airplane crashed in a field.The airplane was climbing over international waters, and as it neared its cruise altitude, the flight crew felt a "bump." A check of the instruments revealed no problems, and the flight crew made a decision to continue with the flight. After landing at JFK, and taxiing to the gate, another pilot reported a portion of the rudder was missing.The aircraft departed Islamabad at 08:00 for a flight to Kohat Air Base. Pakistani air force chief Mushaf Ali Mir was to conduct an annual inspection of the air base. The aircraft crashed into the side of a 3,000-foot mountain, covered in fog.Substantially damaged on the ground after collision with the airport wall while entering the main airport area from the general aviation area.Crashed 330 feet below a peak in the Sirach Mountains. All aboard were members of the Revolutionary Guards.Heavy landing. Damaged beyond repair.An Antonov 28 aircraft of Enimex was damaged beyond repair in an accident at Tallinn-Ulemiste Airport (TLL), Estonia. Two occupants were killed.U.S. Caravan N1116G was used by California Microwave Systems on classified counter-drug intelligence missions on behalf of the U.S. military.The hijacker took two flight attendants hostage after the plane from Ankara landed in Istanbul. He told them he had explosives and asked to be flown to Russia to see his girlfriend. 1 hijacker demanded to be taken to Moscow. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested.A male passenger attempted to seize an Air China aircraft shortly after landing. He displayed and sprinkled a can of gasoline and tried to light it but he was overpowered by crew members. None of the passengers was injured.The aircraft had landed slow and hard at Vancouver, and that it had momentarily rotated beyond its compressed-strut nose up limit. This caused damage to the aft belly skin. The aircraft was ferried to Everett, Washington, where a major repair was performed on the damaged skin and fuselage strap.The Ilyushin 76 departed Macau, carrying 31 tons of telecommunications equipment for a Portuguese telephone company setting up operations in East Timor. Despite numerous attempts, the copilot failed to contact Baucau ATS. The flight navigator then called Baucau Tower. A controller, who was present at Baucau aerodrome at the time, but not on operational duty, advised the flight crew that ATS was not available and that landing would be at the discretion of the flight crew. The pilot in command diverted the aircraft from the published inbound track to the Baucau NDB, and descended the aircraft below the published 10 NM MSA. He continued descending the aircraft through the commencement altitude for the published non-precision instrument approach for runway 14, and through the LSALT. The Beech 99 departed Pikangikum, at 18:38 on a night VFR flight to Poplar Hill. The captain, who was the pilot flying and sitting in the right-hand seat, completed a normal takeoff. The flight took off from runway 27, over a lake. About 400 feet above ground level, the captain began a climbing right turn en route. During the turn, she had difficulty seeing the artificial horizon and concentrated on the aircraft's bank angle. The first officer called that the aircraft was in a 2000-feet-per-minute descent and took control. The aircraft struck the frozen surface of the lake, bounced, and became airborne again. The first officer retained control, and the captain attempted to feather the damaged right propeller. The first officer, believing that both propellers had sustained damage, force-landed the aircraft on the lake surface. The aircraft sustained substantial damage.The VASP Boeing 737 was approaching runway 06 when it entered a fog bank. The flight descended below MDA until hitting a tree. The plane then crash-landed, causing the undercarriage to collapse. The aircraft sustained severe structural damage.The Cessna departed Mathis Field (SJT) for a proficiency check flight. The airplane executed a few instrument approaches at Mathis Field and proceeded to Ducote Airpark. While on final approach at 100-200 feet the engine surged. Subsequently, the airplane's wings began to bank left and right.A man attempted to hijack the airplane and ignited home-made explosives, which injured a passenger and also himself. He was subdued by a security officer.The 737 was on an ILS approach to Jakarta-Soekarno-Hatta's runway 25L. The aircraft touched down 500 m past the runway threshold, a little left of the centreline. The aircraft, even before the nose landing gear touched the ground, entered an area of heavy rainfall with associated heavy winds. The plane went off the side of the runway, causing substantial damage to the undercarriage and belly.The aircraft did not gain enough height after takeoff from Busia's 3281 feet long runway 13/31. The airplane hit powerlines, the wings were ripped off and the Gulfstream crashed inverted against a house. Kenyan government officials were aboard the plane. Labour Minister Ahmed Khalif was killed in the accident.The captain said that he was landing the airplane on runway 33 with a 15-knot crosswind from his right (about 050 degrees magnetic). During the landing roll, the airplane drifted too far to the left on the ice and frost-covered runway and encountered a snow berm. The collision with the snow berm fractured the nose wheel fork, and a portion of the fork subsequently damaged the fuselage just aft of the nose wheel. Field repairs were made at Kipnuk, and the airplane was ferried to the operator's main repair base in Anchorage.Shortly after takeoff at 20:20, the perpetrator demanded that the aircraft be flown to North Korea. The pilot, who claimed that the aircraft did not have enough fuel to fly to the demanded destination, continued to Algiers where rapid intervention by the police of the Houari Boumediene Airport led to the arrest of the perpetrator.Two maintenance technicians where on board Northwest Airlines' Airbus A.319 N313NB which was taxied from a maintenance area to Gate 10.Two maintenance technicians where on board Northwest Airlines' Airbus A319 N313NB which was taxied from a maintenance area to Gate 10.Collided with hangar during an engine runup test.The right engine experienced a loss of engine power at V2 during the takeoff roll. The flight crew continued the takeoff and elected to return to the same runway for a single-engine landing. During the emergency landing the airplane overran the departure end of the runway 20, impacted brush and trees, and came to rest 50-meters from the departure end of the runway.The Antonov, owned by a company from Cameroon, was registered in Moldova. The aircraft had been leased to the Congolese company Pont Aviation Limited, but the contract was cancelled after the company ran into financial difficulties and the Antonov was to be transferred to another Congolese company. Over Gabon the navigation equipment failed. The pilot circled the town of Ndjolé four times, and on the fifth he crashed into a wooded hillside.TAME Flight 120 was a regular flight from Quito to Cali with an intermediate stop at Tulcán. The aircraft taxied to runway 35, a 3120 metres long asphalt runway, and the crew was cleared for takeoff at 09:39. At a point 2110 metres down the runway, while the airplane was accelerating through 125 kts IAS, both tires of the left hand main undercarriage blew. The takeoff was abandoned and the pilots managed to keep the airplane on the runway. As it overran the end of the runway, the nose gear collapsed. The aircaft came to rest 81 metres past the end of the runway. A small fire erupted in the area of the left hand main gear. This was quickly contained by the fire service.Flight 8276 was being operated by Denim Air, under a wet-lease agreement with Air Nostrum. The Fokker took off from Málaga at 11:32 for a cross-Mediterranean flight to the Spanish enclave of Melilla. The aircraft climbed to its assigned cruising altitude of FL130. After contacting Melilla tower at 11:48 the crew were told to start the descent on their own discretion and to expect a runway 33 approach. A company flight was second on approach and requested runway 15 for landing. The ATC asked the crew of PH-FZE "would you admit to use one five or do you prefer to keep on runway three three?" The question was repeated and it took some time for the crew of PH-FZE to answer: "We can accept runway one five" at 11:56. They were then cleared to runway 15 with wind 250° and 11 kt. Four minutes later the aircraft was cleared to land with wind 240° at 12 kt varying between 210° and 300°. Due to the runway change, the pilot in command had decided to land with flaps 35° and a reference speed of 95 KIAS. The aircraft made some S-turns to lose altitude because it was a little high in the approach path. The airplane overflew the displaced threshold of runway 15 at approximately 15 ft. During the landing, the pilot in command realised that he could not engage the propeller ground idle/reverse, he said "I have no reverse" and applied brakes in an attempt to stop the aircraft. Later on, the co-pilot also applied brakes. During the landing roll the aircraft did not decelerate as expected. The wheel number 3 became locked and was deflated by a flat spot. The aircraft started to veer to the left of the runway until wheel number 1 left the runway at around 150 m before the end of the 1347 m long runway. The Fokker continued down an embankment of around 15 m in height and came to rest against the airport perimeter fence. The fuselage broke near seat rows 6 to 8, and the floor was heavily deformed between those rows. After the aircraft came to a stop, the captain had been injured, and the crew members were frozen for a while, until the flight observer pilot who was in the jump seat stated that the occupants should leave the aircraft immediately and started carrying out the on-ground emergency checklist. He pulled both fire handles and tried to close both fuel levers, but he was unable to close those levers. Then the captain turned on the evacuation lights. In the mean time, after a while and in absence of commands from the cockpit, the rear flight attendant instructed the passengers, who were all seated in the rear part of the cabin, to leave the aircraft through door 2R, which opened without problem.The pilot took off with full flaps, and lost control of the plane at 200-300 feet. The airplane stalled and crash-landed the Islander in a cassava field.The aircraft was landing at Gorontalo-Jalaluddin Airport (GTO) runway 27 and taxied towards the apron via taxiway Bravo. While entering Bravo, there was an APU fire warning. The pilot took action by operating the fire control guard to extinguish the fire and proceeded to shut down the APU. The aircraft stopped at the normal position and passengers disembarked normally.The pilot was landing on Eden Lake in glassy water conditions. During the landing sequence the left float structure collapsed and separated. The other float folded up. The aircraft settled into the water right side up and both the pilot and passenger were able to evacuate the aircraft uninjured, and were picked up by a boat. The aircraft rolled over but stayed afloat and was dragged to the shore where it will be disassembled and shipped to Vancouver for repairs.TANS Flight 222 departed Lima for a scheduled flight to Chachapoyas with an intermediate stop at Chiclayo. It departed Chiclayo at 08:17 and climbed to its assigned cruising altitude of FL190, which was reached approx. ten minutes after takeoff. The F-28 followed the V-3 airway, heading 075deg until 08:32. The crew then turned to the left heading 060deg, maintaining FL190 until 08:36. The flight then descended to FL130. After reaching that altitude five minutes later, the crew extended the speedbrakes in order to decelerate from 280 knots to 210 knots. Fifty seconds later, with the speedbrakes still extended, the crew turned to a heading of 135deg, aligning the plane with Chachapoyas' runway 13. The turn was accomplished in 45 seconds with a 30deg bank angle course change in 45 seconds. Shortly afterwards the Fellowship struck Cerro Coloque at an altitude of 10350 feet. Rescue workers found the wreckage two days after the crash.According to the flight crew, who were approaching Medford on a clear dark night, while the aircraft was descending on an extended right downwind for runway 32, seven or eight large birds suddenly appeared in front of the aircraft. Before the flight crew could take any action, several of the birds impacted the nose of the aircraft and its windshield. The force of the impact shattered the inner-most pane of the windshield on the captain’s side of the aircraft, and numerous small chunks of the glass hit the captain in the face and chest. The captain, who was cut by the glass in several places, turned control of the aircraft over to the first officer, who executed a successful landing at Medford about five minutes after the encounter. It was later determined that, in addition to the damage to the windshield, birds had penetrated the composite nose cone as well as the stressed metal skin immediately in front of the windshield.The aircraft, named 'Konya', crashed while on a VOR/DME approach to runway 34 in limited visibility conditions due to fog. The aircraft broke up after impacting the ground some 900 m short of the runway. Diyarbakir's runway 34 is not equipped with ILS.The pilot carried out a normal approach and landing on runway 19 at Herrera International Airport. Once on the ground the crew activated lift dump spoilers, but the system failed. They were unable to stop the airplane on the remaining runway. The airplane came to a stop, inverted beyond a street, calle San Antón, that is at the end of the runway and struck two vehicles on the calle San Antón.The Cessna departed Ciudad Bolívar at 10:16 for a flight to Uonquén. Around 11:00 the pilot reported en route at 11,500 feet in bad weather. The airplane later collided with the Chimanta-Tepuy at an altitude of about 7000 feet.The Hercules, on a routine local training flight, had to circle Minneapolis for a while because of landing gear problems. The transport plane landed with no problems, but as it began to taxi toward the National Guard apron, the right-side main landing gear collapsed. The right wing hit the ground, causing the number four engine to strike the runway. The engine caught fire, but this was put out quickly by the airport fire services.The DC-10 was operating on a flight on behalf of Líneas Aéreas Suramericanas when it was cleared to land on Bogotá's runway 13L (12467 feet/3800 m long) . It reportedly hit a pot hole in the runway. The plane overran the runway, striking ILS localizer equipment. The left hand horizontal stabilizer was almost completely sheared off, as was the undercarriage. The DC-10 came to rest in a field with substantial damage to the underside of the fuselage and wings. The no. 1 and no. 3 engines had broken loose from the wings.A Boeing 737-529, operated by AeroSvit, sustained damage in a runway excursion accident during takeoff from Moskva-Sheremetyevo Airport (SVO), Russia. AeroSvit Flight 406 lost power on engine no. 1 during takeoff from runway 07L. Takeoff was aborted but the airplane could not be stopped on the remaining runway.The aircraft departed Buenos Aires (EZE) for a cargo flight to São Paulo-Viracopos (VCP) via Porto Alegre (POA). En route on the first leg, at an altitude of FL170, a crew member headed to the cargo compartment, and noticed the presence of smoke. he tried to extinguish the fire with emergency equipment, but did not succeed. Some 16 nm from Melo Airport (MLZ), Uruguay, the crew declared an in-flight emergency to Montevideo ACC. The operating hours of the only airport nearby, Melo, are from 07:00 hrs to 19:00 hrs, so it was closed. Montevideo ACC contacted the airport guard who switched on the runway lights and reported the emergency to fire fighters and police located in the city. The aircraft found the runway lights and landed on runway 07. Touchdown took place 340 m from the threshold. The F-27 stopped 640 m after touchdown. The crew evacuated through the cockpit windows, due to the intense heat and smoke in the cargo area. Ten minutes after landing, the fire fighters arrived and succeeded in extinguishing the fire. The airplane suffered considerable damage in the cargo compartments E and F.The flight departed Memphis International Airport (MEM) at 02:38 for a training flight in the area. During a demonstration procedure for loss of engine power, the check airman reduced the power lever to idle, turned on the ignition, and un-stowed and advanced the emergency power lever (EPL). The check airman felt a vibration and then heard a noise. He re-stowed the EPL and advanced the engine power lever. Flames exited the exhaust and the check airman shut down the engine, and made an emergency landing on Highway 61 near the Dundee exit. After landing the airplane the two pilots attempted to remove the airplane from the roadway, and a passing 18-wheeler truck struck the left wing of the airplane.The Beechcraft A100, registration C-FMAI, operated by Myrand Aviation Inc., was on a chartered instrument flight rules flight from Québec City Jean Lesage International Airport, QC (YQB), to Chibougamau Airport, QC (YMT), with two pilots and three passengers on board. The co-pilot was at the controls and was flying a non-precision approach for runway 05. The pilot-in-command took the controls less than one mile from the runway threshold and saw the runway when they were over the threshold. At approximately 10:18 the wheels touched down approximately 1500 feet from the end of runway 05. The pilot-in-command realized that the remaining landing distance was insufficient. He told the co-pilot to retract the flaps and applied full power, but did not reveal his intentions. The co-pilot cut power, selected reverse pitch and applied full braking. The aircraft continued rolling through the runway end, sank into the gravel and snow, and stopped abruptly about 500 feet past the runway end. The aircraft was severely damaged. None of the occupants were injured.Substantially damaged during a hard landing following an aborted takeoff.On the morning of April 20, 2004 Alitalia MD-82 I-DAWR departed Brindisi (BDS) for a direct flight to Rome-Fiumicino (FCO). The next flight was to Trieste (TRS); the copilot was the pilot flying on this leg. The airplane departed at 08:47. The MD-82 landed at Trieste's runway 09 after an uneventful flight. The crew were cleared to taxi to the ramp and took taxiway Bravo, which was the first taxiway to the right. With the sun in front the view of the crew was bit hampered. At the last moment the captain noticed a vehicle to his right hand side. He steered to the left to avoid it, but the truck impacted the right wing. The outer part of the wing (3,5 m/ca. 11 feet) was almost completely sheared off. The fuel tank ruptured, causing a fuel spill on the taxiway. After noticing the spill, the crew ordered an emergency evacuation of the airplane. The evacuation was initiated one minute and 20 seconds after the collision. One minute and 24 seconds later, the fire brigade had reached the scene.A Kuwaiti passenger demanded to be flown to Geneva. The perpetrator harassed the cabin crew and tried to enter the cockpit in a threatening manner. The pilot made an emergency landing in Cairo. Following his arrest, the perpetrator was examined by the airport doctor who concluded that he was suffering from some form of mental disturbance.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air sustained substantial damage in an accident near Papeete-Faaa Airport (PPT), Tahiti. The airplane was taken on a post-maintenance test flight.A Beechcraft 300 Super King Air, N301KS, crashed while maneuvering to land at Spruce Creek Airport, Daytona Beach, Florida. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and no flight plan was filed. The commercial-rated pilot received minor injuries, and one passenger received serious injuries, and the airplane was destroyed. The flight originated at Stuart-Witham Field, FL (SUA) the same day, about 18:45.Crashed in a swamp.The Premier 1 departed on a flight from Humberside to Dublin with the pilot and six passengers on board. Once airborne the pilot attempted to raise the landing gear, but although the control handle moved the landing gear remained in the fully extended position with three green lights illuminated on the landing gear indicator. The pilot attempted to re-cycle the landing gear but without success; later he noticed that he also had indications of LIFT DUMP FAIL and ANTI SKID FAIL. He diverted to Farnborough. After touchdown the pilot attempted to deploy the lift dump system but, as expected, the lift dump spoilers failed to extend. After discussing the problem with the aircraft's maintenance organisation, the aircraft was flown to Blackbushe for further technical investigation. After landing on runway 26 (4400 feet long) the aircraft left the runway, struck a series of obstructions and was destroyed.En route at an altitude of 5400 m the no. 2 propeller broke away and struck the fuselage. A safe emergency landing was carried out at Kyzyl Airport (KYZ).Hard landing. Damaged beyond repair.The airplane reportedly made a hard landing, causing the nose gear to collapse.The aircraft lost directional control and ran off the side of runway 23L. The right hand main gear leg collapsed, causing additional damage to the no. 3 and 4 engines.The Beech 1900D landed on runway 24, and was cleared to taxi to the ramp. As the airplane entered the ramp area, the flight crew planned to stop beyond the hold-short line, to wait for another airplane to exit gate 25. As the flight crew crossed the hold-short line, and were almost at a complete stop, they felt a "buffet," which became a "large jolt," on the left side of the fuselage. After realizing a fuel truck impacted the left engine and propeller, the captain shut down the engines, and evacuated the passengers from the right window emergency exit.Contacted trees and crashed while on a night-time approach, 390 meters short of the runway. The airfield was not suitable for a night-time landing because it did not have any runway or approach lights. The aircraft had carried out a test of its equipment for the dispersion of fertilizers.Whilst Aer Lingus Airbus A321-211 EI-CPE (Flight EI713) was stationary on Taxiway U, behind an A330 at the runway 27L holding point, its rudder was struck by the wing tip of British Airways Boeing 747-436 G-BNLK, which was under tow along Taxiway A. No injuries reported to the 194 persons on board the Aer Lingus Airbus EI-CPE. Whilst Aer Lingus Airbus A321-211 EI-CPE (Flight EI713) was stationary on Taxiway U, behind an A330 at the runway 27L holding point, its rudder was struck by the wing tip of British Airways Boeing 747-436 G-BNLK, which was under tow along Taxiway A. No injuries reported to the 194 persons on board the Aer Lingus Airbus EI-CPE. Some five minutes after departure from Punta Gorda Airport (PND), while at 1500 feet, the engine lost power. The pilot carried out a ditching.The Grand Caravan aircraft was operating a scheduled flight starting from its base at Arusha (ARK). It was to call at Lake Manyara, Klein’s Camp, Grumet and Seronera (SEU) before returning to Arusha via Lake Manyara. The VFR flight to Lake Manyara was uneventful and the aircraft landed at Lake Manyara at 05:55 hours. Five passengers boarded the flight, which departed at 06:15. Shortly after becoming airborne the engine failed. The pilot feathered the propeller and prepared for a forced landing on a road. He then had to make an evasive manoeuvre to avoid a lorry. The airplane lost airspeed, dropped heavily on the left side of the road and collided with heaps of stones before it came to rest some 50 meters beyond the point of initial touch down. Five passengers were seriously injured.The Air Force Materiel Command Beech 1900 crashed while on a routine support mission from a remote classified airstrip on the Nellis range to the Tonopah Test Range. It departed at 03:43 for Tonopah. After reporting the runway lights in sight, the pilot configured the airplane for the approach and initiated a circling maneuver to the right for a visual straight-in approach to runway 32. During the turn the pilot suffered a sudden cardiac death. Half way through the turn the airplane began a gradual descent until it impacted the ground. The airplane broke up and burst into flames. Investigation revealed that the pilot had violated federal policy and directives, wilfully deceived flight medical examiners, suppressed significant medical information and ingested inappropriate medications for a deteriorating and dangerous health condition. The pilot had high blood pressure and failed to report it, and denied taking medications to his Federal Aviation Administration flight physical examiners.The Air Force Materiel Command Beech 1900 crashed while on a routine support mission from a remote classified airstrip on the Nellis range to the Tonopah Test Range. It departed at 03:43 for Tonopah. After reporting the runway lights in sight, the pilot configured the airplane for the approach and initiated a circling maneuver to the right for a visual straight-in approach to runway 32. During the turn the pilot suffered a sudden cardiac death. Half way through the turn the airplane began a gradual descent until it impacted the ground. The airplane broke up and burst into flames. Investigation revealed that the pilot had violated federal policy and directives, wilfully deceived flight medical examiners, suppressed significant medical information and ingested inappropriate medications for a deteriorating and dangerous health condition. The pilot had high blood pressure and failed to report it, and denied taking medications to his Federal Aviation Administration flight physical examiners.Takeoff from runway 23 was aborted, but the aircraft could not be stopped on the runway and overran, causing considerable damage to the aircraft.The Cessna UC-35 Citation Encore jet crashed into brush near Interstate 15 while on approach to San Diego-Miramar NAS, CA (NKX).The amphibian plane crashed while trying to scoop up water on the Lac Sainte Croix during a training exercise.The Caravan was substantially damaged during a forced landing following a loss of engine power.Aerocaribbean flight 4317 arrived at Holguín-Frank Pais Airport, Cuba at 14:59 hours local time after a flight from Caracas. The Do 28D-2 Skyservant was en route between Machala and Guayaquil, Ecuador at 6000 feet when it entered an area of rainy weather. When 37 miles from the Guayaquil VOR the no. 1 engine lost power and stopped.The Ilyushin freighter departed Ankara, Turkey for a cargo flight to Kabul, Afghanistan. In Ankara the airplane was loaded with 39980 kg of cargo. The next stop was Baku, Azerbaijan for refueling. The airplane took 47 tons of fuel, bringing the takeoff weight to 189 tons, and the centre of gravity to 29,3% MAC, which was within the prescribed limits. During the eight-hour stopover the crew decided to rest in the aircraft instead of a hotel. As the aircraft started taxiing to the runway the flight engineer was heard saying that he would select the flaps at 30 degrees and slats at 14 degrees for takeoff. This however was not done. Prior to takeoff the position of the flaps was not verified by any of the crew members. Takeoff was thus commenced with flaps and slats retracted and the stabilizer trimmed at the takeoff position -4 degrees (corresponding to actual takeoff weight, CofG and flaps at 30°). At a speed of 210 km/h the pilot pulled on the control column to lift off the nose gear. At a calculated unstick speed of 265 km/h the angle of attack reached 9 degrees but the plane did not lift off the runway. Accelerating through 290 km/h the angle of attack of the aircraft reached 14,5 degrees, setting off the angle of attack warning on the flight deck. Some 1750 meters down the runway, the aft fuselage struck the runway. Seventy meters further on, at a speed of 300 km/h and an angle of attack of 19,4°, the Ilyushin lifted off the runway. The air traffic controller who witnessed the departure advised the crew to abort the takeoff, but the captain apparently continued. The airplane rolled to the left until the wing contacted the runway. Then the flight engineer noted his error and, without informing the captain, began extending the flaps and slats. Again without informing the captain, the flight engineer brought back the power levers of the four engines to idle. After three seconds he moved them from idle to the 'engine shutdown' position. The captain three times yelled "takeoff" but the engines were already shut down. After flying for 490 meters the aircraft struck the ground and crashed.While approaching Narathiwat Airport, the left main landing gear could not be lowered. The crew decided to return to Hat Yai for an emergency landing. At Hat Yai the runway was sprayed with foam and at 04:30 the plane carried out a belly landing. It skidded for about 6,500 feet before coming to a halt.Veered off runway and came to rest in a ravine.A Dornier Skyservant crashed near El Callao, Venezuela. All three on board survived.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air sustained damage in a takeoff accident at Caracas-Simón Bolívar International Airport, Venezuela.The DC-3 was transporting 3,200 pounds of granite to the Bahamas when it departed Fort Lauderdale-Executive Airport at 15:50. At the time to call for gear up, about 400 feet above the ground, the captain noted a discrepancy with the left engine manifold pressure. As the landing gear was being retracted, he felt a slight hesitation and mild backfire with the left engine. Fuel and oil pressure for the left engine was normal. The engine then started to lose a substantial amount of oil. The left engine manifold pressure and rpm decreased and attempts were made to feather the prop. The prop would not feather and altitude could not be maintained. The pilot decided to put the airplane on the road. The airplane descended, contacting trees and a rooftop of a residential area. It crashed, skidding down Northeast 56th Street, before coming to rest near the intersection of Northeast 18th Avenue in the Coral Ridge Isles neighborhood. The aircraft was originally built as a Douglas R4D-5 (Navy derivative of the DC-3), msn 9859. It was later converted to Super R4D-8.The aircraft overshot the flooded runway by about 100 m on landing. The aircraft came to rest in a drainage ditch. The pilot was suspended by the Nigerian Aviation Minister for three months.A HS-748 suffered landing gear problems, causing the airplane to end up on its belly, blocking Lokichoggio's single 1800-metre runway 09/27. A 748 Air Services Hawker Siddeley Andover aircraft departed Lokichoggio Airport (LKG) at 08:40 hours for Boma, Southern Sudan. After Boma, the aircraft landed at Torit (HSTR) then Natinga, all in Southern Sudan, before proceeding back to Lokichoggio. The aircraft joined long final from the west of the airfield and was given instructions to land on runway 09.As soon as the aircraft touched down, the propellers struck the runway surface for some distance then the aircraft veered off the centerline to the left and came to a stop. The captain, the first officer and the loadmaster evacuated themselves. They were not injured. The aircraft sustained substantial damage, blocking Lokichoggio's single 1800-metre runway 09/27. On approach to Dulles, the right main landing gear was not extended and locked after the crew selected the gear down. Ground personnel observed the gear extended, but could not confirm that it was locked in the fully extended position. The flightcrew then cycled the landing gear and performed the emergency gear extension procedure; however, the cockpit indication did not correct. The flightcrew subsequently performed an emergency landing on runway 19L. During the landing, the right main landing gear collapsed, and the airplane came to rest in a grassy area off the left side of the runway. On approach to Dulles, the right main landing gear was not extended and locked after the crew selected the gear down. Ground personnel observed the gear extended, but could not confirm that it was locked in the fully extended position. The flightcrew then cycled the landing gear and performed the emergency gear extension procedure; however, the cockpit indication did not correct. The flightcrew subsequently performed an emergency landing on runway 19L. During the landing, the right main landing gear collapsed, and the airplane came to rest in a grassy area off the left side of the runway. The DC-3 aircraft was chartered by the Colombian Army to fly soldiers from Miraflores (MFS) to San Jose del Guaviare (SJE) and Villavicencio (VCE). During the day several evaluation flights were made of a pilot, who was recently designated by the company as a backup pilot. At the end of the day the backup pilot moved to the left seat. Two additional parachuting flights followed uneventfully. Following the passenger drop on the third flight, the pilots discussed single engine operations. The pilot-in-command subsequently reduced the right engine's power to flight idle, and feathered the propeller. During the final leg of the traffic pattern, the airplane crossed over a fence near the runway threshold, and the pilot pitched the airplane downward. The nose landing gear then contacted the runway "hard," and the airplane began to bounce. After two bounces, the pilot increased power on the left engine to "full power," and pitched the airplane up. He then told the second pilot that he was going to abort the landing, and to reduce the flap setting to 10 degrees. The airplane continued to pitch up, yawed to the right, and stalled at an attitude about 25 feet above ground level. The Twin Otter crashed nose-down into a field. The right hand wing separated from the fuselage due to the impact.Crashed during while returning to the airport after developing technical problems after takeoff.Crashed on takeoff. A fire erupted in the no. 1 engine, causing severe damage to the engine and the left-hand side of the fuselage. Three passengers are said to have died in the crash, while four more, including a flight attendant, died in the next days.The Metro 23 aircraft was undergoing maintenance at Brisbane (BNE) during which flammable chemicals were used inside the cockpit. Power was applied to the aircraft and the fumes ignited, causing an explosion that blew out the bottom of the cockpit and injuries to the engineer who switched on power. The engineer was thrown to the rear of the cabin by the blast.The Grand Caravan had departed Polokwane on a flight to Madagascar. An overnight stop was planned in Vilanculos, Mozambique. Near Vilanculos the airplane crashed. It knocked down two palm trees and came to rest close to a house.Caught fire after landing. Damaged beyond repair.Wrecked during a serious storm.After a flight from Caracas (CCS), the jet was cleared to land on runway 15 at Barcelona (BLA). Approximately 100 meters after a normal touchdown the two main landing gears collapsed and the airplane slid down the runway with the nose landing gear extended. The airplane came to a stop on the centerline of the runway and the crew and passengers deplaned the airplane unassisted. A post-impact fire consumed the aft portion of the cabin and empennage.Citation Encore N486SB departed Montgomery Field (MYF) at 22:00 for a short flight to Upland (CCB). The airplane approached runway 24 for landing, above the 4-degree visual glide slope indicator. During the approach, there were two periods of sink rate warnings. About 11 seconds after the last warning the airplane touched down about 1,400 feet beyond the runway 24 displaced threshold. The published total landing length of runway 24 is 3,707 feet. Landing distance calculations revealed that the distance required for a full stop landing after touchdown was between 3,072 and 4,524 feet for the given conditions. The Citation overshot the runway and came to rest approximately 851 feet beyond the departure end.After landing at Juba (JUB), the MD-83 overran runway 13 m a 2400 m (7843 ft) asphalt runway.The Sport-Jet, a proof-of-concept very light jet was prepared for a local flight from Colorado Springs, CO (COS). The airplane departed runway 17R (11,022 feet by 150 feet, asphalt), became airborne only momentarily, and then impacted the runway and surrounding terrain. Several witnesses reported that approximately 15 feet above ground level, the airplane rolled hard to the left and began to "cartwheel" down the runway. The airplane came to rest off the left side of the runway, between the Charlie 1 and Charlie 2 intersections (3,400 feet from the runway threshold). Servicing remote airports in Nepal, the Yeti Airlines Twin Otter departed Nepalganj (KEP) for a flight to Jumla (JUM) via Surkhet (SKH). The flight took off from Surket at 11:35 with 6 passengers, 941 kg of cargo including food grains and three crew members on board. The total take off weight of aircraft was 12,499 lb (5669 kg) which included 1400 lb (635 kg)  of fuel.A 21-year old Zimbabwean student, allegedly tried to hijack the flight by forcing his way into the cockpit armed with a hypodermic needle. He was overpowered by passengers, including an off-duty Captain, and crew. The student wanted to force the flight to divert to Maputo.A 21-year old Zimbabwean student, allegedly tried to hijack the flight by forcing his way into the cockpit armed with a hypodermic needle. He was overpowered by passengers, including an off-duty Captain, and crew. The student wanted to force the flight to divert to Maputo.The Antonov was returning to Taiynsha from a crop spraying flight when it crash-landed and overturned.The TNT Boeing 737 departed Liege (LGG) on an early morning cargo flight to Stansted (STN). Visibility at the destination airport was poor and had decreased below minima. The 05:20 METAR reported a visibility of 250 m, runway 23 RVR of 450 m in fog. The crew entered a holding pattern to await an improvement in the weather. After 30 minutes in the hold and with continued deterioration in the visibility, the flight crew decided to divert to East Midlands (EMA). The weather at East Midlands required the crew to conduct a Category IIIA approach to runway 27. The approach was uneventful until, at approximately one mile from the runway threshold, the autopilot was momentarily disconnected and re-engaged. The aircraft then went above the glide-slope before developing a high rate of descent. At the same time, it deviated to the left of the centre-line. A go-around was initiated but the aircraft touched down heavily on the grass area to the left of the runway threshold. The right main landing gear broke off, causing damage to the right inboard flap, wing/body fairing and rear freight hold door and resulting in the loss of hydraulic System ‘A’. The aircraft continued for a short distance with the right engine, right outboard flap track fairing and right wing tip in contact with the ground before lifting off again. A Mayday was declared and the crew diverted to Birmingham (BHX) where weather conditions were good. An emergency landing was carried out on runway 33 at 05:02. During the subsequent ground roll, the right engine sustained further damage but the aircraft came to rest on the runway supported by the left main landing gear and right engine.A Learjet 60 corporate jet sustained damage in a landing accident at Bucharest-Baneasa Airport (BBU), Romania.The Hercules transport plane departed N'Djamena on a supply flight to Abéché where a number of Chadian troops were stationed. The airport at Abéché was closed at 18:00 but the Hercules arrived half an hour later. Reportedly the airplane left the runway, crashing into trees 150-200 m past the runway.Takeoff from Medellin (MDE) was aborted because of engine problems. The aircraft could not be brought to a halt on the runway and overran into a field. The nose gear was sheared off completely and the 747 came to rest about 150 m past the 3500 m long runway.The Aviocar skidded and veered off the runway on landing. It was raining heavily when the plane was landing. The aircraft suffered damage to the wings and wheels and the fuselage was cracked. Bandanaira has a single asphalt runway (10/28).The DC-10 cargo plane landed on runway 09 (8012 feet/2450 m long) but failed to stop. It overran the runway by approx 1140 ft (350 m) and came to rest after it had ran across the perimeter fence. The nosegear collapsed, causing substantial damage to the forward fuselage. A left wing fuel leak was quickly contained by the fire services. The aircraft also suffered substantial damage to the no. 1 and 3 engines.Crash-landed in a field immediately after takeoff. Both right hand wings broke off.The DHC-8-402Q Dash 8 sustained substantial damage in a tailstrike accident on landing at Berne-Belp Airport in Switzerland. One crew member and one passenger sustained minor injuries.Wiggins Airways has a twice daily flight to the Nantucket Memorial Airport, MA (ACK) carrying UPS and Federal Express packages. It was carrying about 200 pounds of cargo for the morning flight out of Hyannis-Barnstable Airport, MA (HYA). The airplane taxied to runway 24 for departure. According to an eye witness the pilot made a rolling takeoff. The airplane banked left immediately after takeoff. It then struck terrain in a steep bank.The Sabreliner 40 jet departed Monterrey (MTY) at 13:05 on a domestic flight to Saltillo (SLW). It landed at on runway 35 at Saltillo Airport, but could not be stopped in time. It ran off the runway, coming to rest about 50 m from the Saltillo-Monterrey highway on rocky soil.A Cessna 500 Citation I corporate jet, N771HR, piloted by a commercial pilot, was destroyed during a post-impact fire after colliding with a jet-blast deflector, airport perimeter fence, and residential structure during an aborted landing from runway 26 (4,875 feet by 100 feet, asphalt) at Conway-Dennis F. Cantrell Field, AR (KCWS) . Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The pilot was fatally injured and his passenger sustained minor injuries. An individual located in the residential structure was fatally injured. The flight departed Kickapoo Downtown Airport, TX (T47), at 13:37.Ivory Coast Prime Minister Guillaume Soro departed Abidjan at 09:52 in the morning on a flight to Bouaké. The aircraft was carrying an unknown number of Soro's delegation and 20 journalists.The TAAG Boeing 737 departed Luanda at 12:55 on a domestic flight to M'Banza Congo Airport (SSY) and Negage Airport (GXG). The Islander crash-landed in a field about half a mile short of the runway, sustaining serious damage to the fuselage.The crew reportedly got lost and force landed some 100 km from Brazzaville. Possible GPS failure.The crew reportedly got lost and force landed some 100 km from Brazzaville. Possible GPS failure.PMT Air flight 241 departed the Angkor temple town of Siem Reap (REP) at around 10:00. The Antonov 24 carried out a scheduled flight to Sihanoukville (KOS). The airplane flew into the side of Phnom Damrey Mountain at a height of 1640 feet.The DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 had just arrived at An Naeem Airstrip, located near an Occidental Petroleum oil exploration area when security guard opened fire with an automatic weapon. Two crew and four passengers were apparently hit in the shooting and one passenger later died. The aircraft sustained damage.The Yak-40 departed Bishkek (FRU) on an inspection flight to Ysykkul-Tamchy Airport, Naryn and Kazarman. Some 30 minutes after takeoff from Ysykkul Airport, the engine no. 3 TGT rose and vibrations occurred. The flight engineer shut down the engine. At the same time the temperature of engine no. 1 began to rise. The captain instructed the flight engineer to reduce thrust to 80% on that engine. The Let 410 crashed shortly after takeoff. It came to rest upside down in a swamp.A Beech 1900D, N253GL, operating as Great Lakes Air Flight 174 was substantially damaged when it's right propeller struck an electrical box during a high speed turn off of the runway after landing at the Laramie Regional Airport (LAR), Wyoming, USA. The scheduled domestic passenger flight from Worland, Wyoming, to Laramie was operating on an instrument flight rules flight plan. The captain, first officer and 9 passengers on board were not injured. The flight originated at 15:33.American Eagle flight 4539 initially landed with the gear up at Boston (BOS) runway 22L. The crew reported that they had an indication that the gear was down and locked but right before touchdown, they noticed a landing gear lever disagree. They executed a go-around and mechanically lowered the landing gear. They were able to get the gear down and locked and got a visual confirmation that the gear was down. The flaps would not extend due to damage from contacting the runway on the initial landing, but the crew was able to successfully land the airplane.The BN-2A-26 Islander landed on a beach when, during the landing roll, the nose wheel encountered soft sand, and was deflected sideways, resulting in structural damage to the firewall bulkhead.A Beechcraft 1900D, registered ZK-EAK, sustained damage in a wheels-up landing at Blenheim-Woodbourne Airport (BHE), New Zealand. There was no injury to the crew or the 15 passengers.The ATP sustained substantial damage when the nose landing gear collapsed during a hard landing at Chennai (MAA).A Cessna Citation II, N550BP, was destroyed when it impacted Lake Michigan shortly after departure from Milwaukee-General Mitchell Airport, WI (MKE). The two pilots and four passengers were killed. The airplane was being operated by Marlin Air under the provisions of 14 CFR Part 135 and departed Milwaukee about 15:57 with an intended destination of Detroit-Willow Run Airport, MI (YIP). At the time of the accident flight, marginal visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the surface, and instrument meteorological conditions prevailed aloft; the flight operated on an instrument flight rules flight plan.The Falcon 900 jet was being prepared for at flight from Santa Barbara (SBA) to Tampa (TPA). The captain supervised the fueling and the weight and balance computations, while the first officer filled out the takeoff and landing distance (TOLD) card; a center of gravity (CG) location was not computed. The first officer entered a takeoff gross weight of 45,400 pounds on the TOLD card, with the V-speeds for that weight entered on the card (V1 116 knots and Vr 129 knots). Post accident calculations revealed that the actual gross takeoff weight was 46,481 pounds and the CG was 15.73% of mean aerodynamic chord (MAC), which was within the maximum gross takeoff weight and center of gravity limits of 46,500 pounds and 14 to 31% MAC, respectively. The V-speeds for the actual gross weight are V1 118 knots and Vr 131 knots. The crew set the stabilizer trim at -5.5 degrees, which is in the takeoff range, from -4.5 degrees to -7.5 degrees. For the airplane’s calculated CG of 15.73% MAC, the right setting for the stabilizer trim should have been between -7 and -7.5 degrees. The captain said that everything was normal in the takeoff. The first officer called V1, followed by Vr, at which time he pulled back on the yoke, but with no response. When the speed was well into the upper 130-knot range he relaxed the yoke, then pulled aft again, and again there was no response from the airplane. Power was then immediately reduced to the stops, full nose forward pressure was applied to the yoke, and maximum braking effort was applied. The airplane departed the end of runway 25 just to the right of centerline. After exiting the end of the runway the airplane impacted a berm, which resulted in the nose landing gear collapsing rearward and the airplane sliding on its nose before coming to a stop about 100 yards off the end of the runway into the dirt.The Gulfstream V was conducting an ILS approach to runway 14 at Zürich-Kloten Airport, Switzerland when the crew noticed that the nose landing gear failed to extend. After retracting the undercarriage again, there was a drop in pressure of the left hand hydraulic system. A second approach was flown and again the nose landing gear failed to extend. A low pass over runway 14 so the condition of the nose gear could be observed from the ground. The alternate procedure to get gear down failed, as did g-load manoeuvres.Both engines failed, forcing the pilot to carry out an emergency landing in a field. The airplane came down in a corn field, causing the nose gear to collapse.On Friday 1 June 2007, a Twin Otter, registered PK-YRU overran the right side of the runway at Mulia Airport (LII). Indonesia during the takeoff roll. The converted DC-4 cargo plane carried 3000 gallons of fuel to the Nixon Fork Gold Mine near McGrath, AK. This mine has a 4200 x 100 ft gravel runway (16/34). There is a hill at the south end of the runway which forces everyone to land to the south. The Carvair was coming in with a tail wind, attempting a landing on runway 16. The captain said that the airplane encountered sinking air and became low on the landing approach, and the right main landing gear struck the lip of the runway. The right main landing gear was torn off, which allowed the nose and right wing to collide with the runway surface. The right wing was torn off the fuselage, and caught fire. The airplane slid 180 degrees, went off the runway and ended up in a ditch. The right wing continued to burn for about 1.5 hours.The runway at Acaricuara (ARF) was wet from light rain showers earlier that morning. During the landing the pilot of the DC-3 reported that the left main wheel went off the runway resulting in the airplane becoming uncontrollable. The airplane sustained damage to both of the engines, propellers and both main landing gear before the airplane came to a stop, adjacent to and past the end of the runway 02.The Twin Otter operated on a flight from Iquitos Airport (SPQT) to Pucallpa (SPCL) with en route stops at Requena (SPQN), Orellana, Pampa Hermosa (SPPH), and Contamana (SPCM). It departed Iquitos at 11:37 and landed in Requena at 12:10. Ten minutes later the Twin Otter departed again, heading for Orellana, where it arrived at 13:10. Departure from Orellana was at 16:25. At 17:45 an ELT signal was received.A Beechcraft A100 King Air, registration YV1257, was damaged when the nose landing gear collapsed as the airplane was parking after arrival at Acarigua Airport (AGV), Venezuela. The four occupants were not injured.A Boeing 747-306M passenger plane, registered HS-VAC, sustained substantial damage following an uncontained engine failure at Cairo International Airport (CAI), Egypt. There were no injuries.Crashed at the end of the runway and burned. The airplane carried nine paratroopers from the Romanian Navy.The Huron made a forced landing in a wheatfield between Autobahn 66 and Erbenheim suburb of Wiesbaden, 200 metres from Wiesbaden AAF (ETOU).On January 4 two Y-8 transport planes (31242 and 31243) of the Chinese Air Force crashed on approach to Zheng Zou Air Base. One airplane struck a house, killing six people. The other airplane crashed in a field. All sixteen crew members of both Y-8's are reported dead. The exact breakdown (8 each) is assumed. Also, it has not been reported if 31242 or 31243 crashed into the house. To add to the confusion, official reports state that both aircraft crashed as a result of tailplane icing while other reports indicate that both planes collided.On January 4 two Y-8 transport planes (31242 and 31243) of the Chinese Air Force crashed on approach to Zheng Zou Air Base. One airplane struck a house, killing six people. The other airplane crashed in a field. All sixteen crew members of both Y-8's are reported dead. The exact breakdown (8 each) is assumed. Also, it has not been reported if 31242 or 31243 crashed into the house. To add to the confusion, official reports state that both aircraft crashed as a result of tailplane icing while other reports indicate that both planes collided.Damaged beyond repair.Challenger N90AG was prepared for a flight from Birmingham, UK to Bangor. The flight was cleared to taxi at 12:01 hrs. The captain was pilot-non-flying and was seated in the right cockpit seat. During taxi, the crew completed their normal Before Takeoff Checks; these included confirmation that the control checks had been completed and that anti-ice might be required immediately after takeoff. Flap 20 had been selected for takeoff and the following speeds had been calculated and briefed by the pilots: V1 137 kt; VR 140 kt; V2 147 kt. By 12:06, the aircraft was cleared to line up on runway 15. At 12:07 hrs, N90AG was cleared for takeoff with a surface wind of 140°/8 kt. Takeoff appeared normal up to lift-off. Rotation was started at about 146 kt. Lift-off occurred 2 seconds later, at about 153 kt and with a pitch attitude of about 8 degrees nose-up. Immediately after lift-off, the aircraft started to bank to the left. The rate of bank increased rapidly and 2 seconds after lift-off the bank angle had reached 50 degrees. At that point, the aircraft heading had diverged about 10 degrees to the left. Opposite aileron, followed closely by right rudder, was applied as the aircraft started banking; full right aileron and full right rudder had been applied within 1 second and were maintained. As the bank angle continued to increase, progressively more aircraft nose-up elevator was applied. Stick-shaker operation initiated 3.5 seconds after lift-off. The left winglet contacted the runway shoulder, the outboard part of the left wing detached and the aircraft struck the ground inverted, structurally separating the forward fuselage. Fuel released from ruptured tanks ignited and the wreckage slid to a halt on fire. The last recorded aircraft attitude was approximately 111 degrees left bank and 13 degrees nose-down pitch.During the landing run on a wet runway at Congonhas Airport, the pilot noted a failure in the braking system and decided to veer to the runway intersection. Unable to decelerate, the aircraft ran down an embankment and went through a fence. It hit a barbecue stand, destroying it and slightly injuring the vendor. The aircraft suffered serious damage to its wings.During a night-time takeoff, tires 1 and 2 on the main gear burst. The control tower informed the flight crew of a wheel fire. The takeoff was rejected and the crew applied reverse thrust. Many parts of the tires were ingested by the engines which sustained substantial damage. The left wing was also perforated behind the fuel tanks. The Airbus stopped at the end of runway 34 and the fire in the left main landing gear was extinguished. The airplane was insured for USD 3,000,000 and was declared constructive total loss.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air of the Macedonian Government was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside near Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The left main landing gear (MLG) began a violent shimmy (yaw oscillation) when the wheelbrakes were applied after a normal landing touchdown, probably damaging the MLG lower torsion link. The shimmying stopped when braking was reduced but restarted when braking was increased, causing the torsion link to fracture. Further higher amplitude shimmying of the left MLG ensued, resulting in severe MLG tyre, wheel and brake damage and substantial oscillatory loads on the aircraft structure. Steering difficulties were experienced during both shimmying episodes.The left main landing gear (MLG) began a violent shimmy (yaw oscillation) when the wheelbrakes were applied after a normal landing touchdown, probably damaging the MLG lower torsion link. The shimmying stopped when braking was reduced but restarted when braking was increased, causing the torsion link to fracture. Further higher amplitude shimmying of the left MLG ensued, resulting in severe MLG tyre, wheel and brake damage and substantial oscillatory loads on the aircraft structure. Steering difficulties were experienced during both shimmying episodes.While on approach to Fort Lauderdale-Executive Airport, the crew reported a low fuel situation, and requested priority handling. During landing, the airplane touched down about mid-point on the 6,001-foot runway 08. Due to a complete loss of brakes and the failure of the emergency drag-chute to deploy, the Learjet overran the runway by 1,750 feet, crashed through the perimeter fence, crossed a four-lane road and finally stopped when it hit a warehouse building.Austral flight 2734 departed Buenos Aires' city airport at 13:05 for a domestic flight to Puerto Iguazú. Shortly after leaving the runway, the outer wheel of the left hand main undercarriage fell off. The wheel crashed through the airport perimeter fence, bounced on and across the Avenida Costanera Rafael Obligado street and finally came to rest on a golf course. A tower controller at the airport notified the flightcrew. The captain then decided to enter a holding pattern to burn off fuel. After holding for over an hour, the plane carried out an emergency landing at the Ezeiza international airport's runway 17. The remaining tyre on the left hand main undercarriage blew and the airplane came to rest near the intersection with runway 11/29. As a result the airport had to be closed before the first plane, Alitalia flight AZ683 to Milan-Malpensa (a Boeing 777) was cleared to depart at 20:30.During high speed engine runs in icy weather at Aarhus, the Jetstream jumped the chocks. The no. 1 propeller struck the GPU and disintegrated. Debris punctured the fuselage, causing substantial damage.A Fokker 50 passenger plane, operated by Kish Air, was destroyed when it crashed near Sharjah Airport (SHJ), United Arab Emirates. All six crew members and 37 of the 40 passengers were killed.The Cessna Caravan was used for a pilot type endorsement training and departed Cairns at 15:37. Following some upper level air work, the crew requested, and were granted a clearance for, a simulated engine failure and descent to 2,000 ft. The pilot in command retarded the power lever to the flight idle stop and the fuel condition lever to the low idle range, setting a value of 55% engine gas generator speed (Ng). The pilot under training then set the glide attitude at the best glide speed of about 79 knots indicated airspeed and feather the propeller The PIC reported that he instructed the pilot under training to advance the emergency power lever (EPL) to simulate manual introduction of fuel to the engine. He then noticed that there was no engine torque increase, with the engine inter-turbine temperature (ITT or T5) and Ng rapidly decreasing, and a strong smell of fuel in the cockpit. Despite several efforts to relight the engine, they were not successful. They then completed a successful landing in a depth of about 2 m of water near Green Island. The aircraft sustained minor damage during the ditching, but subsequent substantial damage due to salt water immersion.Reportedly, the airplane suffered a tyre burst on takeoff. The takeoff was aborted and a small fire erupted, which was put out by fire services. Other sources report TJ-AIO was substantially damaged during a aquaplane/overrun incident while landing at Cotonou in January.The Swearingen Metro was to be repositioned to Barcelona for some remaining maintenance work. During takeoff from runway 07, while accelerating through 80 knots, the nosegear collapsed. The aircraft sustained serious damage to the propellers, engines and fuselage.The Ilyushin cargo plane operated on a flight from Dubai to Colombo. The airplane was operated by Phoenix Aviation and chartered by Expo Aviation. Using GPS and DME the airplane approached Colombo. The approach controller cleared flight 3002 to descend to FL150. After reaching that altitude the navigator passed on the QNH and QFE values for Colombo: 1009 mb and 756 mm Hg. The altimeters were updated with this information. However, the copilot erroneously programmed 765 mm Hg into the altimeter. After turning left onto finals the aircraft, 14 km from the runway, descended to an altitude above sea level of 60 meters. The airplane descended slowly until the landing gear contacted the surface of the sea at a distance of 10,7 km short of runway 04. Climb power was applied and the navigator reported that they were going around: "PHG 3-0-0-2 go around, again I call you established localizer". At a height of 60-90 meters however, the captain decided to continue the approach. Assuming the undercarriage had been substantially damaged, he decided to carry out a belly landing on the side of the runway. Touchdown was accomplished 50 meters to the right of the runway and 450 meters passed the threshold. The aircraft skidded and came to rest 2230 meters further on. The Ilyushin was away and parked in a corner of the airport, where it was still noted in May 2004.The aircraft overshot runway 29 on takeoff, coming to rest 100 meters past the end of the runway.The Falcon 20 touched down on runway 08L and the pilot activated the airplane's thrust reversers. The right engine thrust reverser partially deployed and the left engine thrust reverser fully deployed. The airplane began to yaw to the left and started making full circles on the runway before going off the side of the runway.The Sonatrach company chartered one of Tassili Airlines' Beechcraft 1900D planes to fly two employees from the oil fields near the Algerian Sahara town of Hassi R'Mel to Ghardaïa. The copilot was Pilot Flying. The Beech took off at 20:30 and arrived near Ghardaïa fourteen minutes later. While on approach to Mulia's runway 09, the Twin Otter was forced down by down draught. It landed hard, nose-first, groundlooped and came to rest in a ditch. Mulia's runway 09/27 gravel runway has a 10% down slope to the West and can only be used in one direction: 09 for landing and 27 for takeoff.The no. 4 engine was reportedly hit by a surface-to-air missile. The crew reported excessive engine vibrations and declared an emergency. The plane returned to the airport and landed safely.Suffered problems with the hydraulic system shortly after departing Beijing (PEK). The plane returned to land, during which the nose gear collapsed. Uzbekistan Airways' flight HY 1154, the evening flight from Termez to Tashkent, departed Termez with a crew of five and an almost full load (32) of passengers. Weather was poor as the flight approached the airport. After reporting capturing the glideslope the air traffic controller reported a vertical visibility of 60 m and a runway visual range of 1300 m. About 12,5 km out, the aircraft's rate of descent increased, causing it to descend below the glideslope. The rate of descent was arrested at a height of 170 m, 8 km from the threshold of runway 08L and they continued in level flight. At the Outer Marker (3,5 km from the runway) they should have started their initial approach, but the crew continued level flight thus flying above the glideslope now. With 2,5 km to go the airplane descended slightly at 1-1,5 m/sec. At the Inner Marker the descent rate increased to 2-2,6 m/sec. The crew then probably saw the runway lights below them. The engines were brought back to idle and reverse thrust was applied at a height of 60 m. When it appeared that they would not be able to land given the remaining runway length, reverse thrust was deselected and engine power was increased. At that point the airplane touched down 260 m past the end of the runway. It continued until the right wing struck a concrete building. The plane then lost the left wing before it crashed through a concrete wall. The airplane broke up, crashed into a ditch and caught fire.Uzbekistan Airways' flight HY 1154, the evening flight from Termez to Tashkent, departed Termez with a crew of five and an almost full load (32) of passengers. Weather was poor as the flight approached the airport. After reporting capturing the glideslope the air traffic controller reported a vertical visibility of 60 m and a runway visual range of 1300 m. About 12,5 km out, the aircraft's rate of descent increased, causing it to descend below the glideslope. The rate of descent was arrested at a height of 170 m, 8 km from the threshold of runway 08L and they continued in level flight. At the Outer Marker (3,5 km from the runway) they should have started their initial approach, but the crew continued level flight thus flying above the glideslope now. With 2,5 km to go the airplane descended slightly at 1-1,5 m/sec. At the Inner Marker the descent rate increased to 2-2,6 m/sec. The crew then probably saw the runway lights below them. The engines were brought back to idle and reverse thrust was applied at a height of 60 m. When it appeared that they would not be able to land given the remaining runway length, reverse thrust was deselected and engine power was increased. At that point the airplane touched down 260 m past the end of the runway. It continued until the right wing struck a concrete building. The plane then lost the left wing before it crashed through a concrete wall. The airplane broke up, crashed into a ditch and caught fire.Twin Otter P2-KSG prepared to depart to from the Sturt Island airstrip. Runway 14/32 is a 780 m long grassed red clay airstrip, which can only be used for takeoff in one direction. Control was lost when the pilot tried to avoid some puddles while attempting to takeoff from runway 14.Flight OS111 departed Vienna at 07:27 for a flight to Munich. A few minutes before 8 o'clock in the morning the crew were cleared to descend from FL280 to FL100. The ice detection system was triggered during descent to FL100. Engine and airframe anti-icing systems were switched on simultaneously. FL100 was reached at 07:59:58 hrs. The pilots stated that they encountered icing conditions when the airplane entered the clouds. At FL100 ice is reported to have formed at the windscreen edges. Vibrations on the no. 2 engine increased temporarily after a flight time of six minutes at FL100. As the airplane was approximately 12.5 NM south of Munich airport, the crew was instructed to descend to FL90 and to change heading to 020 degrees. Heavy vibrations on the no. 2 engine occurred during descent. According to crew statements, the airbrakes were extended in order to increase thrust setting on the engines without increase in airspeed. Immediately afterwards the warning VIB HIGH ENG2 was triggered at FL90. The actions of the Abnormal Procedure Vibration High checklist were carried out. However, the no. 2 engine was not shut down for lack of other failure indications. Afterwards no more problems for the no. 2 engine were indicated. Simultaneously with the strong vibrations, vibrations and noises from the rear cabin area were heard in the cockpit. At 08:08:14 hrs the EPR of the no. 1 engine dropped from 1.5 to 1.1 and stayed at about 1.0 after that. In the cockpit heavy vibrations had been noticed also and a rattling noise had been heard. But the vibrations were not displayed on the multifunctional display as originating from the engines. At 08:08:22 hrs, the captain declared an emergency because of severe engine problems and requested an immediate landing. The airplane was immediately cleared to descend to 5,000 ft based on a QNH of 1,017 hPa and to change to a heading of 080 degrees. The crew requested an approach as short as possible. While leaving FL90, the EPR of the no. 1 engine dropped also from 1.4 to 1.0 within the next four minutes; this EPR reduction was incremental and occurred independent of the thrust setting. At 7,000 ft the air brakes were extended for a short time and engine thrust increased. During the descent to 5,000 ft the airplane was transferred to Munich Director. After 08:12:45 hrs when the airplane had reached approximately 5,000 ft the EPR of the no. 2 engine retained values of about 1.0 also. Munich Director immediately issued a clearance to further descend to 3,500 ft. The air brakes where extended again for a period of 44 seconds. Thereby the airspeed was reduced to approximately 170 kt. With the landing gears extended and the flaps set to 15 degrees, the airspeed was about 150 kt. The airplane was guided to the landing course of the ILS 26L approximately 8 NM in front of the threshold. At approximately 4,000 ft flaps were extended to 25 degrees. After the airplane had descended in landing configuration to the cleared altitude of 3,500 ft and horizontal flight had been established, the crew noticed that by pushing the thrust levers forward, the EPR on both engines did not increase to the required value. The speeds N1 and N2 and the exhaust gas temperatures (EGT) of both engines increased, the EPRs, however, remained at values of around 1.0. After the message of the crew that they were just approaching the ILS the flight was transferred to Munich Tower. Airspeed decreased to approximately 115 kt. The autopilot was immediately switched off, the airplane again established in descent, the flaps reset to 15 degrees and the landing gears retracted. Airspeed increased to approximately 135 kt. The flaps were again set to 25 degrees. The airplane received clearance to land. At 08:16:10 hrs the controller informed the crew that the Fokker was approximately 500 ft below the glide path. At this time the height measured by the radio altimeter was 500 ft AGL. At the same time the GPWS sounded: "Too low" and "Gear". The crew informed the controller that the runway could not be reached and that the landing would take place approximately 4 NM short of the runway: "...We will not make it...to the runway...we are touching down probable 4 Miles before the field..."). From approximately 400 ft AGL downwards the airplane was clear of clouds. The landing gear was selected down 13 seconds prior to ground contact. The captain informed the cabin crew of the imminent emergency landing through the repeated exclamation "Brace for impact" 5 seconds prior to touch down. At 08:16:35 hrs, the airplane touched down on a snow covered field approximately 2.5 NM short of the runway with landing gears partly extended and came to rest severely damaged lying on the fuselage after a sliding distance of 220 m. All occupants left the airplane without assistance via the forward passenger door exit.Weather was perfect (excellent visibility, 17 degrees C and a light breeze) when Flash Air flight 604 departed the Red Sea resort of Sharm el Sheikh for a flight to Paris-CDG with an intermediate stop at Cairo. On board were 135, mostly French, holidaymakers who were heading home. C-GFKS, a Beech A100 aircraft operated by Thunder Airlines, was departing runway 25 at Terrace Bay Airport, ON (YTJ) on a medevac flight to Thunder Bay Airport, ON (YQT). During the takeoff roll, the left wing struck a four foot high windrow (snowbank). The pilot lost directional control of the aircraft and it exited the south side of runway 25 at the midpoint. The aircraft came to rest approximately 30 feet off the side of the runway. There were no injuries, but the nose gear was sheared off and the aircraft was substantially damaged. A NOTAM had been issued for the runway stating that there were windrows four feet high, 10 feet inside the runway lights on both sides of the runway. The NOTAM also stated that the cleared portion of the runway was covered with ¼ inch of loose snow over 60 percent compacted snow and 40 percent ice patches and that braking action was fair to poor. The takeoff was being conducted at dusk in conditions of poor lighting and contrast. Crosswind was not a factor.Crashed some 30 minutes after takeoff in a mountainous and wooded area. The airplane was on a flight from Goma to Kongolo with a planned stop at Kindu. The Antonov was carrying out a flight on behalf of the private company Maniema Union.Emergency landing after encountering engine problems. The airplane went off the runway, sustaining substantial damage.A Beechcraft 350 Super King Air, YV-783CP, operated by Polar Agroservicios/Transpolar Company, crashed in De Irapa Sector, in the state of Miranda, Venezuela. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time and an instrument flight plan was filed. The pilot and passenger received fatal injuries, and the airplane was destroyed. The flight originated from Caracas-Simón Bolívar International Airport (CCS), Venezuela, the same day, about 15:40. Experienced structural failure of the upper fuselage following a hard landing. The damage pattern was similar to that of a LAB Boeing 767 hard landing in Bolivia, August 7, 2004 and a Vietnam Airlines 767 hard landing September 19, 2000.While landing on runway 14 at Leeds Bradford Airport the aircraft touched down just beyond the end of the marked touchdown zone with low autobrake selected. Manual wheel braking commenced shortly after mainwheel touchdown. At a groundspeed of around 70 kt the brakes ceased operating, for about 17 seconds. A pronounced dip in the runway surface initially prevented the pilots from seeing the runway end. When it became apparent to the commander that it would not be possible to stop before the end of theThe Y-12 was on a mission to distribute food to a drought-stricken part of Zambia when it crashed shortly after takeoff.The BN-2A Islander plane operated as an on demand air commuter flight. It originated from Freeport, Grand Bahama, Bahamas to Exuma, Bahamas with an intermediate stop in South Bimini, Bahamas.The CitationJet departed Burlington (BTV) around 14:45 on a routine flight to Atlantic City (AIY). The pilot first made a low pass down runway 29 and then return to land on runway 11. After touchdown the airplane failed to stop and overran the runway and into the Intercoastal Waterway. The occupants were rescued by a boat.The pilot of the agricultural plane was accompanied in the cockpit by a 41 year-old driver of the local "Kolyadinetske" farm who directed the pilot to the fields which were to be sprayed. The aircraft was spraying crops with herbicides when it came down near the village Kolyadinets in the Lipovaya Dolina district of the Sumy region.Perimeter Aviation flight 914, a Metro II with 17 people on board, was on approach at Thompson, MB. The first officer flew the aircraft during the approach, and encountered turbulence and fluctuating airspeed. The captain took control at 200 feet agl. The aircraft was high and left of centreline. The captain added power, continued the approach and landed hard on runway 23 near the intersection with runway 32. After the aircraft arrived at the apron, a fuel leak was noted. The aircraft was inspected and damage was found in the wheel wells, wing leading edge, engine mounts and a wing-fuselage attachment point. No injuries were reported. Reported winds at 1400Z were 010 at 15-20 kts; 1500Z winds were 350 at 9 kts.Northwest Flight 1495 departed Columbus (CMH) at 18:26 on a flight to Minneapolis (MSP). The flight was carried out by DC-9-51 N763NC. After takeoff, at some point below 4,000 feet altitude, when the slats were retracted, the MASTER CAUTION light illuminated. The co-pilot, who was pilot flying, observed the RUDDER CONTROL MANUAL annunciator light and then saw that the right hydraulic system pressure was about 1,000 pounds per square inch (PSI). The right engine hydraulic pump switch was selected to 'off' and the flight was continued while the captain referred to the NWA DC-9 Cockpit Operating Manual (COM) to complete the procedures. He also discussed the problem with maintenance control on the ground. The approach and landing at Minneapolis were briefed thoroughly. Approximately 18:50, the captain contacted dispatch to request that they "call out the trucks" for their arrival. At 19:01 the captain radioed to MSP center "ah we got a hydraulic problem, we're gonna go ahead and declare an emergency. ah everything should be okay but just gonna have to land a little faster and we're gonna have the trucks standing and everything." The landing gear was extended early in the approach because the crew was uncertain if they would have to use the Emergency Gear Extension Handle. This was not necessary as the gear extended successfully. The first officer flew a long slow downwind from Farmington to a downwind leg to runway 22. He turned onto the localizer course at an altitude about 3,000 feet. The flight was then cleared for the approach to runway 22. A safe landing was carried out at 19:23. After landing the flaps were retracted and the After Landing checklist was completed. The crew received taxi instructions, and after crossing runway 30L, he made a right turn onto taxiway A. They made a slight gradual turn into the gate area. He had just started to turn into the gate from taxiway A when the nose wheel steering failed. The first officer then advised Ground Control that they were experiencing steering problems and would probably have to be towed to the gate. He then called MAINT and told them the same thing. Then the captain Northwest Flight 1495 departed Columbus (CMH) at 18:26 on a flight to Minneapolis (MSP). The flight was carried out by DC-9-51 N763NC. After takeoff, at some point below 4,000 feet altitude, when the slats were retracted, the MASTER CAUTION light illuminated. The co-pilot, who was pilot flying, observed the RUDDER CONTROL MANUAL annunciator light and then saw that the right hydraulic system pressure was about 1,000 pounds per square inch (PSI). The right engine hydraulic pump switch was selected to 'off' and the flight was continued while the captain referred to the NWA DC-9 Cockpit Operating Manual (COM) to complete the procedures. He also discussed the problem with maintenance control on the ground. The approach and landing at Minneapolis were briefed thoroughly. Approximately 18:50, the captain contacted dispatch to request that they "call out the trucks" for their arrival. At 19:01 the captain radioed to MSP center "ah we got a hydraulic problem, we're gonna go ahead and declare an emergency. ah everything should be okay but just gonna have to land a little faster and we're gonna have the trucks standing and everything." The landing gear was extended early in the approach because the crew was uncertain if they would have to use the Emergency Gear Extension Handle. This was not necessary as the gear extended successfully. The first officer flew a long slow downwind from Farmington to a downwind leg to runway 22. He turned onto the localizer course at an altitude about 3,000 feet. The flight was then cleared for the approach to runway 22. A safe landing was carried out at 19:23. After landing the flaps were retracted and the After Landing checklist was completed. The crew received taxi instructions, and after crossing runway 30L, he made a right turn onto taxiway A. They made a slight gradual turn into the gate area. He had just started to turn into the gate from taxiway A when the nose wheel steering failed. The first officer then advised Ground Control that they were experiencing steering problems and would probably have to be towed to the gate. He then called MAINT and told them the same thing. Then the captain The pilot in command and copilot commenced duty in Cairns for the scheduled Cairns (CNS) - Lockhart River (IRG) - Bamaga (ABM) - Lockhart River (IRG) - Cairns (CNS) flight. The flight was operated by Transair but conducted on behalf of Aero-Tropics Air Services. Aero-Tropics would provide ground handling, pilot briefing facilities and marketing services. Transair provided the airplane and crew.The pilot in command and copilot commenced duty in Cairns for the scheduled Cairns (CNS) - Lockhart River (IRG) - Bamaga (ABM) - Lockhart River (IRG) - Cairns (CNS) flight. The flight was operated by Transair but conducted on behalf of Aero-Tropics Air Services. Aero-Tropics would provide ground handling, pilot briefing facilities and marketing services. Transair provided the airplane and crew.A Swearingen SA227-AC Metro III sustained substantial damage in a landing accident.Metro III ZK-POA was scheduled to depart from Auckland (AKL) at 21:00 on an NZ Post return flight to Blenheim (BHE). The payload comprised 1790 kilograms (kg) of courier packs and parcel mail. Loading of the freight was delayed, being completed at about 21:15. The crew ordered 570 litres (about 1000 pounds or 450 kg) of additional fuel and instructed the refueller to put it all into the left wing tank, rather than put half of the ordered amount intoMetro III ZK-POA was scheduled to depart from Auckland (AKL) at 21:00 on an NZ Post return flight to Blenheim (BHE). The payload comprised 1790 kilograms (kg) of courier packs and parcel mail. Loading of the freight was delayed, being completed at about 21:15. The crew ordered 570 litres (about 1000 pounds or 450 kg) of additional fuel and instructed the refueller to put it all into the left wing tank, rather than put half of the ordered amount intoThe aircraft reportedly departed Bangboka at 12:48 bound for Isiro. Local media information suggest that the plane may have tried to return to the airport when it hit treetops and crashed. Widerøe flight WIF 921 took off from Tromsø airport (TOS) at 14:01 with an estimated landing time at Hammerfest Airport (HFT) of 14:42. On board the aircraft, a DHC-8-103 with registration LN-WIK, were a crew of two pilots and one cabin attendant, 26 passengers and one passive cabin attendant. The Let 410 departed Lima at 08:59. The aircraft landed at Pisco at 10:19 to refuel. The flight departed again at 11:21. Seven minutes later the airplane crashed out of control near a fractionation plant. Reportedly the captain was simulating a failure of the no. 1 engine when the accident happened.The Antonov 2 departed Kursk Airport (URS) on April 13 on a flight to Verkhnyaya Khava where it was to perform crop spraying missions during the following days. Because of delays in the payment of wages, planned crew members refused to fly. The airplane departed with a captain and copilot. On April 25 they left Verkhnyaya Khava and flew to an area 4 km north of the city for another crop spraying mission. The captain did not judge the wind direction adequately, so the airplane attempted to takeoff from the area with a tailwind component. Direction could not be maintained due to the wind. The pilot did not use the brakes to maintain directional control. The airplane did not achieve the speed necessary to lift off (99 km/h). The pilot pulled on the controls, but could not lift the An-2 off the ground. It ran onto a freshly ploughed field and overturned. A fire erupted in the engine but this was quickly contained by the crew with the aid of an onboard fire extinguisher.The Antonov 12 cargo plane swerved off the runway at Kabul Airport. A tyre had burst on landing, causing the plane to run off the side of the runway. A small fire erupted near the undercarriage, but was quickly contained. Five of the six crew members were slightly injured.The left hand main wheel blocked on takeoff. The airplane swerved off the runway, crashed and caught fire.A DHC-6 Twin Otter, DQ-FIE, suffered a runway excursion after losing directional control on landing. The aircraft collided with a stationary Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirante (DQ-AFP) that was boardingThe tanker aircraft had taken off from Chico qualification check flight for pilots who were scheduled to conduct firefighting operations during the upcoming fire season. The accident flight involved conducting practice drops of water over an area of rugged mountainous terrain located north of the Chico Airport. Prior to departing on the flight, the airplane was loaded with 2,550 gallons of water.The tanker aircraft had taken off from Chico qualification check flight for pilots who were scheduled to conduct firefighting operations during the upcoming fire season. The accident flight involved conducting practice drops of water over an area of rugged mountainous terrain located north of the Chico Airport. Prior to departing on the flight, the airplane was loaded with 2,550 gallons of water.After touchdown on runway 29L problems with the undercarriage (failure of a landing gear or tyre burst) caused the Boeing 707 to slide off the runway into the Kan River. Three passengers were killed after they fell in the river during the evacuation.A Beechcraft 200 Catpass conversion sustained substantial damage in a forced landing near Lima-Jorge Chavez International Airport (LIM), Peru. There were no serious injuries among the ten passengers or two crew members.The airplane was destroyed by Colombian forces after having been forced to land at Necoclí, Colombia. The airplane had strayed off course en route to Panama and was forced to land Necoclí by the Fuerza Aérea de Colombia. The crew fled the scene. The airplane was destroyed because it was used in activities related to the transport of illicit drugs.The Do-328Jet was flown to Myrtle Beach on a maintenance repositioning flight. Five passengers were also on board. after obtaining an IFR clearance, the captain initiated a discussion with the first officer about an uneven fuel balance that they could "fix" once airborne. Approximately two and a half minutes later, the captain advised the first officer they could only fly as high as 25,000 feet msl because only one air-conditioning/pressurization pack was operational.The Kong Jiang KJ-200 plane is an AEW-modified version of the Shaanxi Y-8F600 (an Antonov 12 built under license in China). The airplane was outfitted with a linear-shape electronically steered phased-array (ESA) radar on top of the fuselage. At about 13:30, the aircraft took off from Feidong Air Base. On board were 40 occupants, which exceeded the maximum limit of 29 occupants. During its mission the airplane had encountered several areas were icing existed. American Airlines Boeing 767 N330AA flew as flight AA201 from New York-JFK (JFK) to Los Angeles (LAX). During a step climb from FL360 to FL380 en route to LAX, the pilots noted that the No. 1 engine was lagging the right engine by about 2 percent. The flight landed at LAX at 09:37. After the passengers had disembarked, the plane was towed to hangar no. 2 and was parked outside. Maintenance personnel were going to conducting a ground run to troubleshoot the reported discrepancy. Several engine runups to maximum power were performed on both engines. Then they did two runups to max power of just the no. 1 engine. When retarding the throttle to idle, the engine experienced an uncontained rupture of the high pressure turbine (HPT) stage 1 disk. Debris punctured the fuselage and fell onto adjacent runway and taxiways. Runway 25R and Taxiways B and C were closed for several hours until the investigation and collection of the debris could be accomplished. The engine caught fire and the plane sustained significant damage to the left wing, fuselage, and tail section.Learjet N182K departed Norfolk (ORF) at 12:39, carrying five passengers. The airplane landed at Atlantic City (ACY) at 13:13 where two passengers deplaned. At 13:47 the jet continued on to Groton (GON). The crew briefed the runway 05 ILS approach, including the missed approach procedures. Weather at the time included a 100-foot broken cloud layer, and at the airport, 2 miles visibility. The approach was flown over water, and at the accident location, there was dense fog. Two smaller airplanes had successfully completed the approach prior to the accident airplane. The captain flew the approach and the first officer made 100-foot callouts during the final descent, until 200 feet above the decision height. At that point, the captain asked the first officer if he saw anything. The first officer reported "ground contact," then noted "decision height." The captain immediately reported "I got the lights" which the first officer confirmed. The captain reduced the power to flight idle. Approximately 4 seconds later, the captain attempted to increase power. However, the engines did not have time to respond before the airplane descended into the water and impacted a series of approach light stanchions, commencing about 2,000 feet from the runway. Neither crew member continued to call out altitudes after seeing the approach lights, and the captain descended the airplane below the decision height before having the requisite descent criteria. The absence of ground references could have been conducive to a featureless terrain illusion in which the captain would have believed that the airplane was at a higher altitude than it actually was. Learjet N182K departed Norfolk (ORF) at 12:39, carrying five passengers. The airplane landed at Atlantic City (ACY) at 13:13 where two passengers deplaned. At 13:47 the jet continued on to Groton (GON). The crew briefed the runway 05 ILS approach, including the missed approach procedures. Weather at the time included a 100-foot broken cloud layer, and at the airport, 2 miles visibility. The approach was flown over water, and at the accident location, there was dense fog. Two smaller airplanes had successfully completed the approach prior to the accident airplane. The captain flew the approach and the first officer made 100-foot callouts during the final descent, until 200 feet above the decision height. At that point, the captain asked the first officer if he saw anything. The first officer reported "ground contact," then noted "decision height." The captain immediately reported "I got the lights" which the first officer confirmed. The captain reduced the power to flight idle. Approximately 4 seconds later, the captain attempted to increase power. However, the engines did not have time to respond before the airplane descended into the water and impacted a series of approach light stanchions, commencing about 2,000 feet from the runway. Neither crew member continued to call out altitudes after seeing the approach lights, and the captain descended the airplane below the decision height before having the requisite descent criteria. The absence of ground references could have been conducive to a featureless terrain illusion in which the captain would have believed that the airplane was at a higher altitude than it actually was. The Antonov 2R was engaged in agricultural operations near Krepsko in Poland. The aircraft was fueled with 600 liters of fuel and 206 liters of a chemical solution were uploaded to be sprayed to kill beetles.The air ambulance flight departed San Juan (SJU), Puerto Rico about 23:15. The pilot stated that while en route they received a Left GEN OFF annunciator light. The Quick Reference Handbook (QRH) was completed and the flight continued with the right generator functioning normally. The decision was made to divert to Punta Gorda-Charlotte County Airport, FL (PGD). The flight continued and approximately 1 hour 40 minutes into the flight the captain noticed several annunciations, and messages that both GPS receivers were not receiving input from the #2 electrical bus. The right generator was checked and it appeared to be functioning normally, but when the captain later checked the battery gauge it was reading 11-14 volts. He declared an emergency with ATC and advised the controller of their situation, and requested a vector to the nearest airport. The flight was vectored to the Exuma International Airport (GGT), Bahamas and while fully configured for landing while flying at 1,500 feet, the airplane, "...became dark." No lights were on at the airport and the captain spotted what he thought was the runway. After touchdown, he applied full brakes and the thrust reversers but they did not deploy. At some point during the landing roll the right main landing gear tire blew and the airplane departed the right side of the runway. After coming to rest the captain attempted to secure both engines but the left engine continued to operate.The RAF Hercules was on a routine operational flight providing support to the Provincial Reconstruction Team (PRT) at Lashkar Gar, Afghanistan at the time of the accident. The LKG Tactical Landing Zone (TLZ) is 6800ft long by 150ft wide with a surface of compacted sand and gravel located on the south side of LKG town. The TLZ is used by UK forces and other agencies including the UN and Red Cross.The Twin Otter crashed into the Baía Ana Chaves, two miles offshore during a training flight. The aircraft was probably approaching runway 29 over sea.Damaged in a gear-up landing on runway 18.A Cessna 525, N545TG, collapsed a left main landing gear on landing roll out at Murfreesboro Municipal Airport, Tennessee. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed and an instrument flight plan was filed. The airplane received substantial damage. The pilot and 6 passengers reported no injuries. The flight originated from Newport News, Virginia, at 17:15 eastern daylight time.The accident aircraft, a Convair 580A, was one of two aircraft that had recently been delivered to the Government of Saskatchewan's Northern Air Operations. CV-580As had been converted to aerial tankers (water bombers) for fighting forest fires. The accident flight was a training flight that consisted of stop-and-go circuits at the La Ronge Airport (YVC). The purpose of the training was to instruct and cross-qualify new CV-580A captains as first officers for future training requirements. The first two circuits were unremarkable; all altitudes, speeds, and aircraft performance were as expected for the exercises being carried out.A Boeing 747-430 was being prepared at Frankfurt International Airport's Gate A23 for a scheduled flight, LH760, to Delhi, India. Some repairs were carried out on the hydraulics of the left hand body gear while parked at the gate. During a test sequence the nose landing gear's ground lock pin fell out. This caused the nose landing gear to retract. The nose fell onto a push-back truck.Crashed in mountainous area.Shortly after midnight a fire broke out in Hangar 40 at Brussel (BRU). The fire brigade had the fire under control by 03:00 but ultimately the roof collapsed.Shortly after midnight a fire broke out in Hangar 40 at Brussel (BRU). The fire brigade had the fire under control by 03:00 but ultimately the roof collapsed.Shortly after midnight a fire broke out in Hangar 40 at Brussel (BRU). The fire brigade had the fire under control by 03:00 but ultimately the roof collapsed.Shortly after midnight a fire broke out in Hangar 40 at Brussel (BRU). The fire brigade had the fire under control by 03:00 but ultimately the roof collapsed.Shortly after midnight a fire broke out in Hangar 40 at Brussel (BRU). The fire brigade had the fire under control by 03:00 but ultimately the roof collapsed.The airplane was being readied for towing following maintenance to repair a fuel leak. While the auxiliary power unit was operating and providing electrical power to the airplane, the tow crew felt a "jolt" and noticed that a circuit breaker for the left wing fuel tank boost pump had tripped. Inspection of the airplane revealed substantial structural damage to the left wing in the area of the fuel tank.Armavia flight 967 departed Yerevan (EVN) at 00:47 on a scheduled flight to Sochi (AER). Weather at Sochi was poor with rain and poor visibility. Radio contact with Sochi was established at 01:10. The flight crew discussed the current weather conditions at Sochi with the approach controller. At 01:26 the crew decided to return to Yerevan due to the below minima weather conditions at Sochi. At 01:30 the crew again requested the latest weather information. Visibility now was reported as 3600 m with a cloud base at 170 m. The captain now decided to continue to Sochi instead. Clearance was give to descent to an altitude of 3600 m. At 02:00 further descent instructions for 1800 m were issued by the air traffic controller. Weather conditions for an approach to runway 06 were now equal to the airport minima. Sochi Tower then cleared the flight to descend to 600 m. The glideslope was captured and the gear was lowered at 02:10. The crew reported ready and where cleared for landing. Weather was reported as 4000 m visibility with a cloud base at 190 m. Weather deteriorated quickly and thirty seconds later the controller reported that the cloud base was now at 100 m. He instructed the flight to abort the approach and told the crew to make a climbing right hand turn to an altitude of 600 m. The aircraft was flying at 300 m and performed a climbing turn to 450 m. Simultaneously the groundspeed dropped and the Airbus descended until it contacted the water and broke up. Wreckage sank to a depth of 700 m.The Convair CV-580 departed Goma (GOM) at 07:30 UTC on a cargo flight to Amisi. The airplane carried telecom equipment on behalf of the Vodacom company. The Convair was one of two planes used by LAC - SkyCongo, a subsidiary of Skyhaul (South Africa).The DHC-7 was operating under charter agreement with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations (DPKO) for support of the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) and carried 37 Ethiopian soldiers to Zwedru. The crew conducted a gear up landing at Zwedru. The bottom part of the fuselage, right wing flaps and No 4 engine were damaged as a result.The Grand Caravan departed Goma (GOM) on a flight to Bunia (BUX), carrying 300 kg of freight. Instead of following the route indicated in the submitted flight plan, the crew executed a direct GPS route to Bunia. This took the plane over high terrain with clouds and low visibility. According to press reports an intoxicated pilot took four passengers on a flight near Tersky in the Buddenovsk district, Stavropol territory. The airplane banked sharply and crashed. The gust locks of both ailerons and one flap had not been removed before the flight.An Antonov 74 cargo plane departed Sebha (SEB), Libya at 00:50 UTC. The airplane carried food aid to Chad. The landing at N'Djamena (NDJ) was abandoned and the airplane crashed and broke up near the village of Kousséri in neighbouring Cameroon. All six Ukrainian crew members were killed.The Fokker F-27 departed Riberalta (RIB) at 11:23 on a flight to Guayaramerín (GYA). It was raining when the airplane landed at Guayaramerín. The F-27 ran off the runway, causing substantial damage to the undercarriage and wings. An 80-year old woman died of a heart attack a few hours after the accident.The Fokker F-27 departed Riberalta (RIB) at 11:23 on a flight to Guayaramerín (GYA). It was raining when the airplane landed at Guayaramerín. The F-27 ran off the runway, causing substantial damage to the undercarriage and wings. An 80-year old woman died of a heart attack a few hours after the accident.The Hercules had been parked at Kinshasa for several years and was being used for some trial flights. Reportedly the left main landing gear either did not extend or collapsed on landing.The engine failed in-flight and the aircraft made an emergency landing. It touched down on soft soil and flipped over.After performing a low level aerial inspection to determine the runway surface conditions and favourable winds at Mathiang Airfield, South Sudan, the aircraft landed on hard compact soil on runway. At approximately 300 metres into the roll out, the aircraft entered an unseen area of soft soil, hidden below a hard crust. The nose wheel collapsed backwards. There were no injuries.Crashed into a small hill during a aluminum mine prospecting.Takeoff was aborted and the Learjet swerved to the right, leaving the runway. The undercarriage was torn off in the accident and the airplane sustained substantial damage to fuselage and wings.An Airbus A310-324 passenger plane, registered ST-ATN, was destroyed in an accident at Khartoum-Civil Airport (KRT), Sudan. There were 203 passengers and 11 crew members on board. One crew member and 29 passengers were killed.`A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan passenger plane was damaged beyond repair in an accident near La Junta, Chile. The pilot died in the accident but all nine passengers survived.Crashed in a field and burned near Novoternovskiy, Trunovskiy region of the Stavropol territory.A Cessna 208B, N102VE, operated by Skydive Greensburg, had a loss of engine power and sustained substantial damage when it nosed over in a cornfield after a forced landing near the Greensburg-Decatur County Airport (I34), Indiana. The skydiving flight with 14 skydivers on board the airplane departed Greensburg-Decatur on a local flight at 10:15. The pilot was not injured and all the skydivers parachuted safely from the airplane after the complete loss of engine power. TACA Flight 390 is a regular flight from San Salvador (SAL), El Salvador to Miami (MIA), USA with an intermediate stop at Tegucigalpa (TGU), Honduras. The A320 took off from San Salvador around 09:05. Prior to landing, the wind information given by the ATC at Tegucigalpa was 190°/10 kt and ATC also confirmed that the runway was wet. Landing configuration was established with slats/flaps fully extended, gear down, ground spoilers armed, autobrake selected to MED.The An-32 reportedly suffered engine problems after takeoff from Goma. The airplane returned and crash-landed at the airport.The An-32 reportedly suffered engine problems after takeoff from Goma. The airplane returned and crash-landed at the airport.The An-12 had delivered cargo at Chelyabinsk (CEK) and was heading back to Perm (PEE). The airplane took off from runway 09 at 14:03 UTC. About a minute after takeoff the crew reported smoke in the cockpit. They requested permission to return for landing on runway 09. While positioning for an approach to runway 09 smoke continued to fill the flight deck. The crew also received several (false) warnings. Then two engines automatically shut down. Aileron control was lost about 11 km before landing. The aircraft struck terrain and burned.A Canadair CRJ-100ER RegionalJet passenger plane, C-FRIL, operated by Air Canada Jazz, was substantially damaged when it's landing gear collapsed after landing at Toronto-Pearson International Airport, ON (YYZ). There were no injuries to any crew or passengers. A Beechcraft B99, N950AA, was substantially damaged when the nose wheel landing gear collapsed during landing roll at Billings Logan International Airport (BIL), Montana, USA. The pilot, the sole occupant in the airplane, was not injured. The pilot was flying on an activated instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan, which had an intended destination of Kalispell, Montana.The Let 410 was used to transport minerals from Walikale to Goma. All flight to Walikale use a 700 m long road located near Kilambo as an airstrip. Preliminary reports indicated that an engine caught fire three minutes after takeoff. The airplane tried to return to the airstrip, but crashed in a forest.An Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane was chartered by the Canadian Department of National Defence. It was on an ILS approach to runway 24 at CFB Trenton (YTR). The weather at the time was reported as one half mile in fog, vertical visibility 500 feet, RVR 600 feet, temperature and dew point 12 degrees Celsius and the wind was 210 at 06 knots. The aircraft struck the airport perimeter fence with the main landing gear and briefly touched down on the left main landing gear approximately 430 feet from the threshold of runway 24. The flight crew aborted the landing and applied engine power. The aircraft climbed to 3000 feet asl and entered a hold at this altitude. After approximately one hour it diverted to the Ottawa/MacDonald-Cartier airport. Ottawa tower was contacted by Trenton and advised of the incoming aircraft and that it had struck the fence on approach. Ottawa tower called out ARFF as a precaution. The Il-76 flight crew did not declare an emergency. The aircraft landed uneventfully and taxied to the local FBO. ARFF followed the aircraft and assisted the crew in removing the barbed wire that was wrapped around the left main landing gear. After a period of time the aircraft took off from Ottawa and arrived in Trenton where the onboard cargo was offloaded. Examination of the aircraft revealed substantial damage to the underside of the fuselage as a result of the impact with the fence.The Il-76 freighter caught fire on the ground while it was being loaded in preparation for a flight to Brazzaville (BZV).The Twin Otter was owned by the French Air Force and operated on behalf of the Multinational Force and Observers (MFO) in the Egyptian/Israeli border in the Sinai peninsula. The airplane departed the El-Gora Air Base at 07:46 on a flight to Santa Katarina (SKV). Preliminary information suggests that the pilot attempted an emergency landing on a road. It collided with a truck and crashed.The Twin Otter was owned by the French Air Force and operated on behalf of the Multinational Force and Observers (MFO) in the Egyptian/Israeli border in the Sinai peninsula. The airplane departed the El-Gora Air Base at 07:46 on a flight to Santa Katarina (SKV). Preliminary information suggests that the pilot attempted an emergency landing on a road. It collided with a truck and crashed.A Boeing 737-800 passenger plane, registered 5Y-KYA, was destroyed when it impacted terrain shortly after takeoff from Douala Airport (DLA), Cameroon. All 108 passengers and six crew members were killed in the accident.Citation N22HP departed Greater Rockford Airport (RFD) at 08:43 CDT on a flight to Dillon, MT (DLN). At 09:52 MDT, the pilot indicated that he was level at FL380. At 10:10:30, he stated that he was beginning a descent to FL240. At 10:30:59, a controller cleared the pilot to descend to 13,000 feet, and then cleared him for the VOR approach to the Dillon Airport. The last transmission from the pilot occurred at 10:33:54. He acknowledged cancellation of radar service and an instruction to switch to the airport advisory frequency. During the initial climb after takeoff, just after the aircraft passed 400 feet above ground level (agl), the pilot shut off the fuel boost pumps in preparation for the en route climb. Soon thereafter, one of the engines lost power without warning, and because he was carrying a heavy load, he immediately feathered the propeller and started looking for a place to put the aircraft down. Because there was rising terrain and scattered houses south of the airport, he had to maneuver to get to an open area. During the forced landing on the uneven terrain, one of the landing gear legs collapsed, and the aircraft impacted the terrain and slid into a power pole. A post-accident teardown inspection of the engine and the aircraft systems did not reveal any anomalies that would have resulted in the failure of the engine that lost power.The Islander operated on a flight from Ogle to Kato, Kopinang and Madhia before returning to Ogle. The aircraft landed at Kato (KTO) and spent approximately two hours on the ground because of bad weather before departing at 13:45 hrs on a twenty minute flight to Kopinang. En route the airplane contacted trees and crashed.Airbus A.300 A7-ABV was undergoing maintenance at Gamco in Abu Dhabi. At night a fire broke out in the airplane. The fire was put out and further damage to the hangar and two other planes was averted. Nevertheless the A300's fuselage was gutted by the fire.A de Havilland Canada DHC-8-301 passenger plane, operating as Bahamasair flight UP-353, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Governor's Harbour Airport (GHB), Bahamas. There were no injuries among the 51 occupants.En route to Istanbul, a male passenger announced he had a bomb and initially said he wanted the plane diverted to the Ankara. He later demanded to be flown to Tehran, Iran. The pilots landed at Ankara (ESB) and the man gave himself up about 40 minutes later.En route to Istanbul, a male passenger announced he had a bomb and initially said he wanted the plane diverted to the Ankara. He later demanded to be flown to Tehran, Iran. The pilots landed at Ankara (ESB) and the man gave himself up about 40 minutes later.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air (registered VH-SGT) collapsed on touchdown at Perth airport. The aircraft was extensively damaged as a result of the collapse. No injuries were sustained by the pilot or passengers from the accident. A Let L-410UVP passenger plane, operating Comores Aviation flight KR611 sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Anjouan-Ouani Airport (AJN), Comoros. All fifteen on board survived the accident.Forced landing in a marshy area. The airplane sustained substantial damage and was airlifted from the scene by a United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter.An Embraer 110 Bandeirante was destroyed when it impacted terrain near Kandrian, Papua New Guinea. Both pilots were killed.A Sudanese man hijacked the plane, wanting to be taken to South Africa. He gave himself up after three-hours of negotiations in Khartoum.At start up one of the propellers hit a ground power unit. The no. 2 prop disintegrated with debris puncturing the fuselage. A small fire is said to have erupted.The Antonov was loaded with food, destined for a mining area near La Paragua. The Antonov could not gain enough height on takeoff. The airplane turned to the left and overturned.During takeoff from runway 20 at Newport News (PHF), as the airplane approached 120 knots, the crew heard a "loud pop." The airplane began to pull to the left, and the pilot flying aborted the takeoff by retarding the throttles and applying maximum braking. The airplane began to "fishtail" down the runway and the pilot not flying activated the drag chute. The drag chute appeared to be inoperative, and the pilots were unable to stop the airplane on the runway. The airplane continued off the right side, impacted a runway light, and came to rest in the grass. Both of the left main landing gear tires had blown, and the left main landing gear was separated from the airplane. Additionally, substantial damage was noted to the left wing spar.Falcon 900C N129KJ departed Scottsdale on a repositioning flight to Rifle (RIL).The Airbus overran runway 24 by 30 m and came to rest tilting to the right resting on its no. 2 engine, close to the airport perimeter fence.On March 9, 2007 a company Il-76TD (EW-78826) sustained substantial damage after being hit by a missile while on approach to Mogadishu International Airport (MGQ). Later that month Il-76TD EW-78849 flew to Mogadishu to deliver equipment to cannibalise EW-78826 and to salvage usable parts.a Cessna 500, N511AT, operated by Air Trek, Inc., was substantially damaged during landing at Beverly Municipal Airport (BVY), Massachusetts. None of the four crewmembers or two passengers were injured. The air ambulance flight was flying a GPS runway 16 approach at Beverly (BVY). After passing the initial approach fix they entered a cloud, and noticed that there was "quite a bit of wind" which they had to compensate for. Moments later, the first officer noticed that they were picking up a trace amount of rime ice on the windscreen; however, since neither pilot saw any ice on the wings, the de-icing boots were never activated. As they neared the final approach fix (FAF), they "added a notch" of approach flaps, and then added full flaps when they crossed the FAF. After reaching the minimum descent altitude, they acquired the field and the visual approach slope indicator (VASI). Once established on the VASI, the approach to landing seemed normal until reaching approximately 100 feet above ground level. The crew then experienced what they described as a "burble," and the airplane rolled "steeply" to the right, striking the surface of the runway overrun area. After landing and taxiing to the ramp, the flight crew conducted a postflight inspection of the airplane. They noted that approximately 4 feet of the right wing was bent upward about 10 degrees, and "Light rime ice" was present on the leading edges of the wings, horizontal stabilizer and radome.Forced landing on a lake.The airplane was returning from a retardant drop on a forest fire when the crew noted that the airplane’s main hydraulic system had failed. They configured the airplane using the emergency systems and declared an emergency. After landing on the runway, the pilot elected to exit the runway using the high-speed taxiway that went to the tanker base ramp. When he tried to stop the airplane using the emergency system brakes, there was no braking response. The airplane crossed the tanker ramp, exited the prepared surface, and went through the airport perimeter fence, down an embankment, and onto a road. According to the airplane flight manual, the procedure for a hydraulic system failure is to land and stop on the runway using the emergency brake and accumulator pressure. A postaccident examination of the airplane’s hydraulic system showed a rupture in the line that interconnects the main hydraulic system and retardant tank system. No other systems anomalies were found. The crew later reported that when the co-pilot lowered the nose gear using the emergency gear extension system, she did not return the emergency nose gear extension system selector to the "neutral" position, and it remained in the "bypass" position. This shut off the emergency system hydraulic system pressure to the elevator flight control and emergency brakes.The aircraft operated on a flight from Taiynsha to Sorochinskiy, Kazakhstan. En route the crew became lost and landed near Sarybulak village in the Aiyrtau district of the North Kazakhstan region to establish its position. On taking off again with a slight tailwind the aircraft banked left at a height of 15 metres. The lower left wing struck a 20 metres high tree and the aircraft crashed and burnt out.A Beechcraft A100 King Air, registration C-FGIN, operated by Aéropro as flight APO201 was making an instrument flight rules flight from Québec City Jean Lesage International Airport, QC (YQB/CYQB) to Sept-Îles Airport, QC (YZV/CYZV). At 05:57, the crew started its takeoff run on runway 30; 68 seconds later, the co-pilot informed the airport controller that there was a problem with the right engine and that they would be returning to land on runway 30. Shortly thereafter, the co-pilot requested aircraft rescue and fire-fighting (ARFF) services and informed the tower that the aircraft could no longer climb. A few seconds later, the aircraft struck the ground 1.5 nautical miles from the end of runway 30. The aircraft continued its travel for 115 feet before striking a berm. The aircraft broke up and caught fire, coming to rest on its back 58 feet further on. The 2 crew members and 5 passengers died in the accident.A McDonnell Douglas MD-82 passenger plane, operated by Hewa Bora Airways, sustained damage in an emergency landing at Kinshasa, D.R.Congo. The Boeing 737-800, N3730B, operating as Delta Air Lines flight number 1733, was substantially damaged when it was hit by a baggage cart at New York-John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK). At the time of the accident, there were 5 crewmembers aboard and no injuries. A CASA C-212 Aviocar, was reported missing on a flight from Yaoundé-Nsimalen International Airport (NSI) to the Congolese gold mine Yangadou. There were two pilots and nine passengers on board.A Douglas DC-3C airplane, registered D-CXXX, sustained substantial damage in a forced landing near Berlin-Schönefeld Airport (SXF), Germany. An Airbus A321-131 operated by Lufthansa (D-AIRT) and a Boeing 737-800 operated by SunExpress (TC-SNM) both sustained substantial damage following a ground collision at Prague, Czech Republic.A Dassault Falcon 20F jet sustained substantial damage in a forced landing shortly after takeoff from Chiclayo (CIX), Peru. According to media reports there were four crew members and five passengers on board. All survived.A Cessna 208 Caravan with floats, registered N810GA, was damaged in an accident near Jessup point, Noyack, NY. All four on board were rescued.United Express Flight 8050 (LOF8050), an Embraer EMB-145LR regional jet, operated by Trans States Airlines, departed Washington-Dulles International Airport (KIAD) at 13:26 on a regularly scheduled flight to the Ottawa/MacDonald-Cartier International Airport (CYOW), Canada. On board were 33 passengers, 2 pilots, and 1 flight attendant. The first officer was the pilot flying.Crashed on takeoff.A Cessna 550 Citation Bravo corporate jet, registered YU-BSG, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident on landing at Brac Airport (BWK), Croatia.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registered XA-TWK, was destroyed in an accident near Felipe Carrillo Puerto Airfield. All nine on board were killed.The An-2 biplane caught fire while being fuelled. Fuel was spilt, which caught fire due to static electricity.A Royal Moroccan Air Force C-130 Hercules transport plane was destroyed in an accident near Goulimime (also known as Guelmim). Seventy-eight occupants were killed instantly and two survived. Both survivors later died. The airplane carried nine crew members, 60 troops and 11 civilians. It operated on a flight from Dakhla to Kinitra with an en route stop at Goulimime.The Antonov had made a refueling stop at Mukalla and was bound for Sharjah, carrying 7 tons of fish. Two C-130 Hercules planes, assigned to the 352nd Special Operations Group, RAF Mildenhall, departed Tirana for a night training mission to work on terrain-following and avoidance skills, airdrops and landing using night-vision goggles. The planes were flying 300 feet above the mountainous terrain when 87-0127 was approaching a ridge. The airplane was not able to clear the ridge and stalled as the crew attempted to climb away.The Metro III departed Miami International for a recurrency flight check. After flying the pattern and landing, during the landing rollout, while the engines were in reverse with the airplane at a speed of about 50 knots, the airplane's left propeller impacted a deer which had proceeded across the runway. The impact killed the deer, and detached the propeller, which punctured the fuselage.The aircraft departed the runway on landing and ran into trees.On the landing run, the pilot lost directional control. The plane went off the left side of the runway and ran into a drainage ditch, where it caught fire. The pilot managed to escape unharmed, but the aircraft was destroyed by the fire.The aircraft failed to takeoff from runway 09 (9930 long). It overran the runway and came to rest on a small hill. The landing gear was sheared off in the slide, the engines sustained serious damage and the no. 1 engine had separated from its mountings.The first flight of the day for the crew of Let 410 HK-4146 was from San Andrés (ADZ) to Providencia (PVA). They departed at 07:11 and arrived at Providencia at 07:30. After another four flights between ADZ and PVA, the Let crew were preparing for flight 9955 to ADZ. The airplane contacted trees and crashed following an engine failure.The MD-88 was parked on the apron in preparation for a flight from Madrid (MAD). An airport bus collided with the port wing. The wing sliced through the top of the bus, causing substantial damage to both. The airplane was withdrawn from use and broken up at Madrid in 2006.An Airbus A321-131 operated by Lufthansa (D-AIRT) and a Boeing 737-800 operated by SunExpress (TC-SNM) both sustained substantial damage following a ground collision at Prague, Czech Republic.The Ilyushin was chartered to fly 50 tons of fish fillet from Mwanza to Osijek, Croatia. The airplane was to make scheduled refueling stops at Khartoum and Benghazi. The crew decided to take off from runway 30, heading towards Lake Victoria. The airplane was configured for a takeoff weight of 174 tons with the stabilizer set at -3.3 degrees. The actual weight was probably around 182 tons, which was still within limits. The aircraft lifted off the runway at 263 kph after rolling for about 2800 metres. It subsequently climbed to 29 m at which altitude it leveled off for 4.5 seconds. After that the airplane began to descend gradually. Four seconds into descent, the commander ordered the retraction of flaps. By this time the aircraft was already descending at the rate of 3.5 m/sec and the speed was increasing. At the last moment they noted that the descent and suddenly initiated a climb. The airplane then contacted the water and crashed.The Boeing 707 departed Addis Abeba on a cargo flight to Lome, Togo with a scheduled refueling stop at Entebbe.The airplane was carrying 32.8 tons of cargo. It was raining as the Boeing approached Entebbe, with a visibility of about 8 km. At 10:46 the aircraft made a first attempt to land on runway 17 but the approach was abandoned. On the second attempt the pilot wanted to carry out a visual approach to runway 35 over Lake Victoria. At 10:51, the pilot reported short final and was cleared to land. It came in too low, struck a rock, broke up and crashed into Lake Victoria.An accidental fire started around 14:30 on a hillside near Seravezza, Italy. A helicopter was called in the extinguish the fire. Since the fire spread rapidly, a second helicopter was ordered, but there were no helicopters available. The Department of Civil Protection was contacted to send a fire fighting airplane. While approaching the airport of Varandey the crew allowed the airspeed to decay and the nose to rise until the airplane stalled. It contacted a small hill, crashed and burned.The aircraft started the takeoff roll on runway 33 at Lima (LIM). When reaching VR speed (207 km/h) the copilot announced "rotation" and the captain raised the nose of the airplane. At V2 (242 km/h) it reached a positive climb and the undercarriage was raised. From a height of 5 m the airplane began to descend again. It contacted the runway with the tail and skidded for about 200 meters before coming to rest.The Glasgow based Islander aircraft was engaged on an air ambulance task for the Scottish Ambulance Service when the accident occurred. The pilot allocated to the flight had not flown for 32 days; he was therefore required to complete a short flight at Glasgow to regain currency before landing to collect a paramedic for the flight to Campbeltown Airport.Flight 2823 departed La Guardia at 21:37 on a regular flight to Milwaukee. During the flight, the #1 Hydraulic Low Pressure caution light illuminated. Due to this, the ground spoilers would not be available on landing and a 1.13 landing distance penalty was needed to be applied to the landing runway. The flight was cleared to land on runway 1L. The reported winds were 290 degrees at 10 knots, and the braking action was reported as fair. The captain reported the braking action was nil with no traction on the runway. The airplane departed the left side of the runway about 4,600 feet from the approach end of runway 1L. The airplane veered across the grass infield before crossing runway 07R/25L. The airplane traveled through the intersection of taxiways A, E, and T before crossing another snow-covered grass in-field where the aircraft went through a snow bank and back onto taxiway B. The airplane stopped near the intersection of taxiway B and M in front of concourse D. The captain reported that nothing appeared to be wrong with the airplane so the decision was made to taxi to gate E64. An examination of the airplane revealed that the forward pressure bulkhead at Fuselage Station 202.75 was compromised. The flaps, the main landing gear doors, the nose landing gear, and various skin panels also were damaged during the accident.Tropic Air flight 2110 departed Belize City on a domestic flight to San Pedro. Microburst was encountered immediately after takeoff. The airplane impacted the water in a left wing low attitude and sank in 6-feet of water. A BAe-125-700A, N703TS, sustained minor damage during an overrun, while landing at Teterboro Airport (TEB), New Jersey. The two pilots and two passengers were not injured. Night visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the flight that departed Columbus-Port Columbus International Airport, Ohio.An Antonov 2TP plane, YV-280C, was damaged beyond repair in an accident 27 km from La Paragua, Venezuela. Both crew members were killed. The airplane operated on a flight from La Paragua Airport to Canaima Airport (CAJ).The first VOR/DME approach to Charallave was abandoned. As the airplane broke through the cloud base at 800 feet during the second attempt to land at runway 28, it was not properly lined up with the runway. To avoid a collision with the control tower, the Citation turned right. The aircraft then crashed and burned.The crew executed an approach in manual mode with the co-pilot flying the airplane. The airplane landed normally on runway 29L at Tehran-Mehrabad. After compression of the main struts of the landing gear, the spoilers were extended. At the same time the reverser on the left engine was brought to maximum mode. The reverse thrust lever of the right engine was not used since the reverser was deactivated. After deceleration to a speed of 80 knots the reverse thrust lever of the left engine was brought to the intermediate position between maximum and minimum reverse thrust. As this was happening the throttle control lever of the right engine was brought from idle to the position of ~55 degrees according to FDR data. Further movement of the reverse thrust lever of the right engine was accompanied by the simultaneous shifting of the throttle control lever of the left engine practically as far as the nominal mode. Cessna Caravan 5H-ZBZ departed Dodoma (DOD), flying doctors and nurses to the Haydom Lutheran Hospital. The airplane reportedly landed at Haydom in severe weather, coming to rest in a sisal plantation field. The airplane suffered substantial damage to both wings, propeller, front cowling, baggage pod and fuselage.The pilot was performing the 12th flight of the day spraying crops. Before the 12th takeoff the pilot allowed to two unauthorized persons to go on board, an 11-year old boy, who occupied a right seat, and a 22-year old man, who was standing behind the seats. Takeoff was performed at 14:51. During the left turn at a speed of 140-150 km/h the An-2 descended from altitude of 5-10 m, struck the ground, left lower wing first, crashed and was destroyed by fire. Both adult men were killed while the boy suffered the serious injures.The Air Force Y-12 departed Nairobi, carrying a.o. six MPs and a bishop who were on a mission to negotiate peace between warring clans in the Marsabit area.The C-5B Galaxy, operating for the 436th AW, took off from Dover AFB (DOV) at 06:21 on its way to Kuwait. About ten minutes after takeoff the aircrew observed a No. 2 engine "Thrust Reverser Not Locked" indication light. They shut down the No. 2 engine as a precaution and decided to return to Dover.Flipped upside down by a gale at the end of March, 2006.TEAM Flight 6865 departed Macaé (MEA) at 17:19 on an IFR flight plan to Rio de Janeiro (SDU). The airplane was expected to arrive at 18:02. After takeoff the crew requested cancellation of their IFR flight plan ant to continue under visual flight rules at FL45. This was approved. Upon request, the flight was cleared to descend to 2000 feet to avoid an area of poor weather. About 17:39 a left turn was initiated towards the coast line for the same reason. The airplane struck trees near the top of Pico da Pedra Bonita at an elevation of 1920 feet.Cessna 208 N208WE was owned by Cessna and used to market Caravans to customers. The Caravan's regional sales manager for the western U.S. and Canada departed the Cessna plant at Wichita-Cessna Aircraft Field, KS (CEA) on March 27. At North Las Vegas (VGT) the pilot met with the president of Pacific Aircraft Sales. Both men departed the next day to Kingman, AZ (IGM) and then on to Thermal (TRM). In the area of TRM, the two pilots conducted a demonstration flight for a prospective customer. After the demonstration flight an IFR flight plan was filed for a flight to Ontario, CA (ONT) with a planned en route altitude of 10,000 feet. The airplane departed at approximately 16:35. About 16:55 the flight had reached an altitude of about 8500 feet. The Antonov 12 cargo plane departed from Payam Airport on a flight to Sharjah (SHJ). Immediately after takeoff aircraft encountered a flock of birds, as a result of which engines No. 1, 3 and 4 failed. An attempt was made to return to Payam, but an emergency landing had to be carried out some 5 km from the airport. The airplane broke up and caught fire.Damaged by fire.Reportedly sustained damage when it was struck by an Antonov 26. The An-26 was blown into the Convair during a thunderstorm at Kinshasa-N'Djili Airport (FIH).A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registered, HC-BXD, was destroyed when it crashed into a building shortly after takeoff from Cuenca-Mariscal Lamar Airport (CUE). The airplane ran off the runway into a field and caught fire. The An-24 burned out.During the descent one engine flamed out due to a failure in the engine control system. The crew carried out a forced landing on an unpaved airfield.The Learjet's flight crew was departing runway 27L at Philapdelphia (PHL). They initiated a "standing start" takeoff, with the pilot holding the brakes until the engines indicated a power setting of 70% N2. The pilot then released the brakes and increased power to 91.5% N1. At 50 to 60 knots, the copilot called out "speed alive," and the pilot then disengaged the nose gear steering. At 80 knots the copilot called out "cross check," and at approximately 95 knots, the airplane began to turn right. The copilot noticed fluctuations with the engine indications and called for an abort. The pilot reduced the power to "idle," and corrected back to the left using left rudder pedal and "light" braking. The airplane then turned to the right again, and the pilot corrected once again to the left. The airplane continued to turn left and departed the left side of the runway, tail first at a 45-degree angle. The right main landing gear assembly then collapsed, the right tip tank impacted the ground, and the airplane came to rest.The DHC-6 Twin Otter sustained a broken left hand wing and undercarriage at Waha Oil Field.Kalitta Flight 207 was a cargo flight from New York-JFK to Bahrain (BAH) with a technical stop at Brussels (BRU). It carried 76 tonnes of cargo. The Boeing 747 was cleared for takeoff from runway 20 (a 9800 x 164 feet asphalt runway). The Beech 1900C carried 5,000 pounds of first-class and priority mail on a flight from Billings (BIL) to Great Falls (GTF). The pilot departed from runway 10L, and then took up a heading of about 070 degrees, as he had been cleared. Soon thereafter he was advised that his transponder was squawking a visual flight rules (VFR) code of 1200. After he corrected that, he was given a climb limit of 16,000 feet, and told to turn left to a heading of 310 degrees, which he did. He was then instructed to turn further left to 290 degrees, to intercept Victor 187 (a low altitude airway), and to then resume his own navigation. The pilot responded to that clearance, but according to the radar data, the airplane started a slow right turn. The An-2 was on a forest patrol flight from Manzya when the engine suddenly lost power. The pilot force-landed. The left landing gear and lower left wing sustained damage.The Ilyushin had a landing mishap and came to rest 400 m from the runway. The aircraft broke in three.Crashed and burned in a field between the villages of Ulmeni and Valea Rosie.A Cessna 208B, N893FE, operated by CSA Air, sustained substantial damage during a forced landing following a loss of engine power near Ada, Michigan. The airplane was on a visual approach to runway 26L at the Grand Rapids-Gerald R. Ford International Airport, MI (GRR). The cargo flight was operating in visual meteorological conditions and was on an instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan. The pilot was not injured. The flight originated from the Traverse City Airport, MI (TVC) about 20:00.A powerful storm system in the evening between 21:30 and midnight spawned an F2 tornado with winds between 113 and 157 mph. Several aircraft were damaged by the tornado. One FedEx ATR-42 parked at the Greensboro/High Point-Piedmont Triad International Airport, NC (GSO) was blown into a ditch, suffering damage to the wing and fuselage. Another was blown into a fence, coming to rest with the right wing touching the ground.A powerful storm system in the evening between 21:30 and midnight spawned an F2 tornado with winds between 113 and 157 mph. Several aircraft were damaged by the tornado. One FedEx ATR-42 parked at the Greensboro/High Point-Piedmont Triad International Airport, NC (GSO) was blown into a ditch, suffering damage to the wing and fuselage. Another was blown into a fence, coming to rest with the right wing touching the ground.Suffered a tailstrike on landing.The Beech 1900 departed Wau (WUU) on a flight to Juba via Rumbek. The airplane was carrying a delegation of leaders from the (former rebel) Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). One of the passengers was Dominic Dim, southern Sudan's minister of defence. Near Rumbek both engines failed.The aircraft took off from Harare International Airport on a flight to the Democratic Republic of Congo. After the aircraft had got airborne, the pilot noticed that the undercarriage had not locked after retraction. He elected to return to Harare in order to have the gear checked. On landing, the nosewheel collapsed and a fire broke out. There was substantial damage to the nose of the plane, propellers and engine cowlings.The aircraft left Nairobi-Wilson Airport (WIL) at 03:41 hours on a routine flight to Beletwen in Somalia. On board were the captain, first officer and two loadmasters. The flight was normal until at about 04:40 hours at FL190 when the crew saw a left engine low oil pressure warning light. They did the necessary checks and shut down the subject engine. They also decided to divert to Wajir Airport (WJR) which was 30 nautical miles away. The weather was cloudy.Plane landed at a medical mission station in Sudan to pick up four mission personnel. On takeoff the aircraft lifted off from a wet and somewhat muddy airstrip, but was not able to safely clear the obstacles at the end of the runway. The left wing of the plane struck the trunk of a tree and the plane went into a ditch and flipped onto its back.The crew declared emergency enroute to Carauari due to engine failure. It landed at Coari Airport, AM (CIZ) and slid off the runway.Carpatair Flight V3204 suffered a runway excursion on landing at Bucharest-Otopeni International Airport (OTP). It came to rest halfway on the grass. The left main undercarriage collapsed causing damage to underbelly and gear. All on board were able to leave the plane without serious injury. At the time the weather consisted of strong winds, heavy rain and reduced visibility.A Beechcraft T-1A Jayhawk jet trainer sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Lubbock Preston Smith International Airport, TX (LBB). The crew suffered no significant injuries.Cubana Flight 201 took off from Santo Domingo (SDQ) on a regular service to Havana (HAV). At 45 nm from SDQ and at an altitude of 25000 feet the no. 2 engine suffered an uncontained failure. Fuel lines to engine no. 1 were compromised and a fire erupted. Also, debris had penetrated the fuselage, causing a decompression. Both engines were shut down and the captain decided to return to Santo Domingo.Crashed into the sea after skidding off the runway in heavy wind and rain.Failed to lift off the runway 18 on takeoff, reportedly after passing through a puddle, what caused loss of thrust in one of the engines. The airplane continued into a residential area, crashed 100 m from runway 36 threshold and caught fire. According to many sources all survived, but some also state two deaths or (at least) 60 survivors. Officials put the death toll at 44, passengers on the plane as well as persons on the ground.Failed to lift off the runway 18 on takeoff, reportedly after passing through a puddle, what caused loss of thrust in one of the engines. The airplane continued into a residential area, crashed 100 m from runway 36 threshold and caught fire. According to many sources all survived, but some also state two deaths or (at least) 60 survivors. Officials put the death toll at 44, passengers on the plane as well as persons on the ground.The Sudanese An-32 had been ferried to Moldova for maintenance. On April 11, 2008 the airplane was prepared to be ferried back from Chisinau (KIV) to Khartoum, Sudan via Antalya (AYT). It took off from the Chisinau International Airport at 22:02. After takeoff, the crew noticed that the transponder had failed. The flight returned to Chisinau. On final approach the airplane contacted VOR/DME equipment, crashed and burned.Crashed in a rice field in Ta Thanh Oai commune in Thanh Tri, an outlying district of Hanoi.The ski equipped DHC-6-300 aircraft, operating as flight SPR971, was on a flight from Nain Airport, NF (YDP) to deposit a cache of seven fuel drums on a frozen lake 86 miles north of Nain. After arriving at the coordinates given for the fuel cache, the crew considered a couple of lakes for the landing. On the first lake selected, the crew conducted a touch-and-go to test the conditions and found them unacceptable. On the second lake, while conducting a touch-and-go, the nose gear struck a snow bank and broke off. The aircraft came to a stop approximately 100 feet further on. The tie-down ring securing the fuel drum broke and the fuel drums moved forward up against the cockpit bulkhead. There were no injuries to the two crew and to the one passenger who was seated behind the fuel drums in the rear of the aircraft. The area was described as treeless and featureless.The aircraft stalled, hit a hill and caught fire some 3 km from Mwanza Airport. The captain (citizen of the United Kingdom) and the trainee pilot (a resident of Australia) were killed instantly.Flew into a wooded hillside while attempting to land. Reports are that there was another aircraft on the runway at the time. The An-28 apparently aborted the approach but crashed while executing a go around.Flew into a wooded hillside while attempting to land. Reports are that there was another aircraft on the runway at the time. The An-28 apparently aborted the approach but crashed while executing a go around.A Cessna 550 Citation II corporate jet sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Odense-Beldringe Airport (ODE), Denmark.The aircraft was engaged on a flight from Biggin Hill, Kent (BQH) to Pau, France (PUF). The commander called for start at 13:17 and, at 13:20, was cleared to taxi to holding point A1 for a departure from runway 21. At 13:24, ATC instructed the crew to hold at A1 and cleared them for a LYDD 2 departure.The plane skidded off the runway while landing in Limoges. The weather at time of incident was poor. There was low cloud, strong crosswinds, rain and hail. Mud was thrown up, covering the windows.The Premier 1 corporate jet aircraft took off normally from Jodhpur (JDH), India. The flight en-route up to approach to land at Udaipur (UDR) was uneventful. After clearance to land at Udaipur the pilot selected the flaps-10; the flap didn’t respond and "Flaps-Fail" message flashed. The pilot decided to go for a flap-less landing and carried out the check list for Flaps Up approach & landing. The approach speed of the aircraft was probably high and it could not be brought to the assigned limit for flap less landing. The pilot continued approach at high speed. From about 25 feet height, the aircraft had a sort of free fall and impacted the runway. It rolled for about 150 feet with heavy breaking on both the wheels; which caused heavy rubber deposits on the runway and subsequent tyre burst. The aircraft veered to right and hit the boundary wall before it stopped.Flight SV810 made an uneventful landing at Dhaka (DAC). During the landing roll the tower controller reported that he saw a fire on the right hand wing. Upon exiting runway 14 the crew received a fire indication for engine no. 3. The fire extinguisher was activated and all engines were shut down. The fire could not be extinguished and the airplane was evacuated.Flight SV810 made an uneventful landing at Dhaka (DAC). During the landing roll the tower controller reported that he saw a fire on the right hand wing. Upon exiting runway 14 the crew received a fire indication for engine no. 3. The fire extinguisher was activated and all engines were shut down. The fire could not be extinguished and the airplane was evacuated.Forced landing in a field and nosed over. There was no trace of the occupants or any cargo.The Beech 1900D airplane took off from Lagos at 07.36 en route to Obudu. It was expected to arrive at Bebi Airstrip at approximately 09:21. The aircraft contacted Enugu ATC at 08:56 while descending to FL110. The crew were cleared to descend further down to 5000 feet. It did not arrive at Bebi Airstrip and was declared missing. Heavy landing, causing serious damage to the forward fuselage.An AdamAir Boeing 737-408, registered PK-KKT, was damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion accident at Batam-Hang Nadim Airport (BTH), Indonesia.The pilot, accompanied by six passengers, was engaged in a private flight from Bloemfontein International Airport (BFN) to Cape Town International Airport (CPT).UTAir flight 471 departed Surgut (SGC) on a regular domestic flight to Belgorod (EGO) via Samara (KUF). Upon departure from Surgut, the weather at Samara was below minima with a visibility of 200 m in fog. An improvement was expected to a visibility of 3000 m upon arrival.UTAir flight 471 departed Surgut (SGC) on a regular domestic flight to Belgorod (EGO) via Samara (KUF). Upon departure from Surgut, the weather at Samara was below minima with a visibility of 200 m in fog. An improvement was expected to a visibility of 3000 m upon arrival.At a height of 10 meters the engine temperature increased and the engine subsequently failed. A forced landing was carried out in a field , damaging the engine, undercarriage and lower left wing.Struck vehicles while taxiing, badly damaging the wing. The airplane was dismantled and stored at Kuwait International Airport (KWI).A Boeing 737-881 (WL), JA849A, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Kochi Airport (KCZ), Japan. There were 56 passengers and four crew members on board. There were no injuries.An Airbus A310-325 operated by Biman Bangladesh Airlines suffered a takeoff accident at Dubai Airport (DXB). The Il-76 cargo plane was chartered to fly Ugandan peace keeping forces and equipment to Somalia. On final approach, while the airplane was 2,5 - 3 km from the runway at a height of about 120 m, the airplane was struck by a projectile, most likely an RPG. The Il-76 was hit on the left hand side of the fuselage near the main landing gear. A fire erupted, causing smoke inside the plane. The airplane landed safely. After coming to rest, the nine crew members evacuated through the emergency hatch in the flight deck and the UPDF personnel evacuated through the starboard door. It took about one hour for the only fire-fighting truck available at the airport to reach the plane as it had no fuel.Garuda flight 200 was an early morning service from Jakarta (CGK) to Yogyakarta (JOG). The pilot in command (PIC) was the pilot flying, and the copilot was the support/monitoring pilot.LFH Luftverkehr Friesland Harle was engaged in scheduled operations between Pärnu and Ruhnu Airport in Estonia, using BN-2 Islander aircraft.The Rockwell Sabreliner 75A jet was damaged when it suffered a runway excursion after landing at Valencia Airport (VLN), Venezuela.The UN reported a crash-landing of an An-12 cargo plane. The report says that howitzers and up to 50 wooden boxes were unloaded after the accident.The accident occurred during engine start after pushback from the stand. After the right generator came online an electrical failure occurred in the right main bus. The failure resulted in severe internal arcing and short circuits inside the two main power contactors of the right main bus. The heat generated during the failure resulted in the contactor casings becoming compromised, causing molten metal droplets to fall down onto the insulation blankets below. The insulation blankets ignited and a fire spread underneath a floor panel to the opposite electrical panel (P205), causing heat and fire damage to structure, cooling ducts and wiring. The flight crew responded to the bus failure and a burning smell by shutting down the right engine and taxiing to a nearby stand. The Airfield Fire Service attended the aircraft when it arrived on stand and entered the Main Equipment Centre where they discovered significant smoke but no fire. The passengers were evacuated uneventfully via steps.Flight 6448 departed Atlanta (ATL) at 13:31. The first officer was flying the airplane. The captain reported they were cleared for the ILS runway 24R approach. Approximately 10 minutes prior to landing, air traffic control changed the landing runway to runway 28. The captain stated they were informed that the runway visual range (RVR) was 6,000 feet and that the braking action was fair. Also, the glideslope for the ILS runway 28 approach was unusable at the time of the accident due to the snow. After passing the final approach fix, they were informed that the RVR had decreased to 2,000 feet. The captain had the approach lights in sight and at 50 feet above the ground, he had the runway in sight. The first officer then turned off the autopilot to land. At 30 feet above the ground the captain momentarily lost sight of the runway. He then regained sight of the runway and the airplane was landed. They encountered strong gusty winds during the landing flare and after touchdown they could barely see the runway lights and taxiway turn-offs. Despite the use of full reverse and braking, the airplane did not seem to slow down. The airplane traveled off the runway and into the snow covered grass and went partially through the fence before coming to a stop more than 150 feet past the end of the runway. Runway 28 is 6017 feet long.The Boeing 737-300, registered PK-KKV, operated on AdamAir flight 172 from Jakarta (CGK) to Surabaya (SUB). A man armed with two hand guns seized the 737 shortly after takeoff from Mauritania's capital, Nouakchott. He reportedly demanded to be flown to France. It tried to land at Dakhla, in Western Sahara, but Moroccan authorities refused permission. The plane continued to Las Palmas where it landed safely. Passengers and crew overpowered the man and he was arrested by Spanish police.The Cessna Caravan operated out of Goma regularly. On February 15 the airplane departed for Walikale, carrying food. Weather at Walikale was poor. The pilot made three attempts to land. Nothing more was heard from the plane. A rescue mission was launched, but the plane was not located. Also, an ELT signal was not received. By March 2007 the plane still had not been found.A BN-2 Islander, D-ILFC, sustained substantial damage in a hard landing at Wangerooge Airport (AGE), Germany. The captain and five passengers were not injured.An Aviastar Mandiri de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 turboprop plane flew into the side of a mountain during domestic cargo flight from Dekai to Wamena (WMX). The Jetstream was damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion following an aborted takeoff from the dirt runway at the Forward Operating Base Salerno Metro III VH-OZA was cleared for takeoff from runway 16R at the Sydney-Kingsford Smith Airport, NSW (SYD). It became airborne at 23:23 and shortly afterwards the pilot had been instructed to transfer to the departures controller’s radio frequency. A Let L-410 turboprop, operated by TAC Colombia sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Capurganá Airport (CPB), Colombia. One occupant sustained minor injuries. Caught fire and burned during a refueling operation.According to reports, the aircraft landed with a tailwind too far down runway 24 and overshot the runway end, coming to rest at a drainage ditch. The airport was closed for several hours. No injuries reported.The Learjet 45 was being operated by two A&P mechanics for the purpose to taxi out for an engine test run on the no. 1 engine. During taxi it was necessary to stop the aircraft for motor vehicle traffic. The mechanic advanced the throttles for taxi and to climb a 15 to 20 foot hill. When the mechanic attempted to reduce the throttles only the no. 2 engine could be retarded. The no. 1 engine was at a high power setting and could not be reduced. The aircraft left 4 skid marks as the main tires were locked for approximately the length of a little more than a football field. The mechanics could not shut down the no. 1 engine. Control of the aircraft was lost with the no. 1 engine at a high power setting. The right wing impacted the corner of a hanger. The nose gear broke and an embankment stopped the aircraft. The mechanics were then able to shut down both engines and exited the aircraft with no injuries.An Express Air Dornier Do 328 passenger plane, registration PK-TXN, was substantially damaged when it ran off the side of the runway after landing at Tanahmerah Airport (TMH).Struck powerlines during a crop spraying mission; crashed.The King Air, operating as an air ambulance by Aerocare, was en-route from Cape Town International to East London to collect a patient. On approach to East London, the nosegear failed to extend and lock. The crew decided to divert to Lanseria International Airport where the AMO (Aircraft Maintenance Organization) is located. The aircraft landed on runway 06R (adjacent to the main runway) on the main gear, the pilot cut the engines and put the nose down and came to a stop within about 200 m. Fire tenders were on hand. Damage is apparently estimated at R1.5 million.A McDonnell Douglas MD-11, HZ-ANB, a cargo flight operated by Saudi Arabian Airlines, landed hard on runway 18 at Khartoum-Civil Airport (KRT), Sudan. The 4 crewmembers were not injured and the airplane was substantially damaged. The airplane had departed from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia and was operated on an instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident.Crashed following engine problems.An Indian Air Force An-32 transport plane crashed in a mountainous area near Rinchi village in the West Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh. All seven IAF crew members and six Army personnel were killed.The pilot was tasked with a medical evacuation flight to take a patient from Port Hope Simpson Airport, NF (YHA) to St. Anthony, NF. The Britten-Norman BN-2A-27 Islander, registration C-FJJR, departed the company’s base of operations at Lourdes-de-Blanc-Sablon Airport, QC (YBX), at approximately 06:20. At approximately 06:50, he made radio contact with the airfield attendant at the Port Hope Simpson Airport, advising that he was four nautical miles from the airport for landing. The weather in Port Hope Simpson was reported to be foggy. There were no further transmissions from the aircraft. Although the aircraft could not be seen, it could be heard west of the field. An application of power was heard, followed shortly thereafter by the sound of an impact. Once the fog cleared about 30 minutes later, smoke was visible in the hills approximately four nautical miles to the west of the Port Hope Simpson Airport. A ground search team was dispatched from Port Hope Simpson and the wreckage was found at approximately 11:00. The sole occupant of the aircraft was fatally injured. The aircraft was destroyed by impact forces and a severe post-crash fire. There was no emergency locator transmitter signal.A Myanma Airways Fokker F-28 Fellowship 4000 was substantially damaged when it suffered an accident while landing on the Sittwe-Civil Airport (AKY) runway 11.The airplane sustained substantial damage when it was hit by a hail storm while on approach to Simferopol Airport (SIP), Ukraine. The Boeing 737-59D was consequently withdrawn from use. The engines were removed and the airplane was stored at Simferopol were it was last seen in August 2011.Hard landing and tailstrike.A Swearingen SA226-TC Metro II turboprop sustained substantial damage in a gear-up landing accident at Lanseria Airport (HLA), South Africa. The 13 passengers and two pilots were not injured.A PZL-Mielec M-28 Skytruck military transport plane went missing on a flight from Valle de la Pascua Airport (VDP) to Caracas/La Carlota-Gen. Francisco de Miranda AB, Venezuela. Three crew members are on board.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registered OB-1922P, departed at 07:10 from Nazca Airport, Peru for a 45-minute sightseeing flight of the Nazca lines.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registered OB-1922P, departed at 07:10 from Nazca Airport, Peru for a 45-minute sightseeing flight of the Nazca lines.The Lockheed Hercules sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Sharana AB, Afghanistan. The airplane came to rest beside the runway. The number 4 propeller separated from the engine and the undercarriage was pushed up into the wheel wells.Air India Express flight IX-811/812 is a daily round trip between Mangalore and Dubai. The outbound flight IX-811 was uneventful and landed at Dubai at 23:44 hours Local Time. The airplane was serviced and refuelled. The same flight crew operated the return leg, flight IX-812. Air India Express flight IX-811/812 is a daily round trip between Mangalore and Dubai. The outbound flight IX-811 was uneventful and landed at Dubai at 23:44 hours Local Time. The airplane was serviced and refuelled. The same flight crew operated the return leg, flight IX-812. An EMB-110 Bandeirante turboprop plane was damaged in an off-airport landing near Cascavel Airport, PR (CAC), Brazil. Both pilots escaped unhurt.An Antonov 24 passenger plane, operated by Pamir Airways, crashed in a mountain pass in Afghanistan. The airplane, had left Kunduz Airport (UND/OAUZ) on a domestic passenger flight PM1102 to Kabul Airport (KBL/OAKB). There were six crew members and 38 passengers on board, according to a government spokesman. Heavy fog was reported in the area.An Antonov 24 passenger plane, operated by Pamir Airways, crashed in a mountain pass in Afghanistan. The airplane, had left Kunduz Airport (UND/OAUZ) on a domestic passenger flight PM1102 to Kabul Airport (KBL/OAKB). There were six crew members and 38 passengers on board, according to a government spokesman. Heavy fog was reported in the area.Nosed over during a water landing and came to rest upside down. The airplane operated as part of the 13e Rassemblement International d'Hydravions de Biscarrosse, a French seaplane meeting.An Antonov 28 passenger plane, operated by Blue Wing Airlines, crashed in a wooded area of eastern Suriname. The airplane, had left Godo Holo Airstrip on a domestic passenger flight to Paramaribo-Zorg en Hoop Airport (ORG). There were two crew members and six passengers on board. Media reports indicate that all eight on board were killed in the accident.The An-2 suffered engine problems shortly after takeoff. The pilot carried out a forced landing close to Osypnoi Bugor village. Both pilots and all 10 parachutists escaped unhurt but the aircraft caught fire and burnt out.On May 12, 2010 the Airbus A330-202 passenger plane, operated by Afriqiyah Airways as flight 771, left Johannesburg-O.R. Tambo International Airport (JNB), South Africa on an international passenger flight to Tripoli. There were 11 crew members and 93 passengers on board. The co-pilot was pilot flying.A ski-equipped de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 aircraft sustained substantial damage in an accident on the ice 168 km N of Alert, Ellesmere Island, NU, Canada. A ski-equipped de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 aircraft sustained substantial damage in an accident on the ice 168 km N of Alert, Ellesmere Island, NU, Canada. The Caravan I landed down-slope and flipped over. The An-2 was used to perform aerial chemical work over a wooded area near Goryachy Klyuch, Krasnodar.An ATR-72 passenger plane, EI-SLM, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Shannon Airport (SNN), Ireland. There were 21 passengers and five crew members on board. No one was injured.A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300ER, N185DN, operating as Delta flight 266, was taxiing on taxiway B for departure on runway 04 at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), when its left winglet struck the horizontal stabilizer of an Atlantic Southeast Airlines CRJ900, N132EV, operating as ASA flight 4904, which was number three in line on taxiway M waiting for departure on runway 09.A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300ER, N185DN, operating as Delta flight 266, was taxiing on taxiway B for departure on runway 04 at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS), when its left winglet struck the horizontal stabilizer of an Atlantic Southeast Airlines CRJ900, N132EV, operating as ASA flight 4904, which was number three in line on taxiway M waiting for departure on runway 09.A Cessna 560XL Citation XLS corporate jet, 5N-BMM, was damaged in a runway excursion accident at Port Harcourt Airport (PHC), Nigeria. Two of the six occupants were injured.An ATR-72, registration SP-LFH, was damaged in a collision with a baggage vehicle at Warszawa-Frédéric Chopin Airport (WAW), Poland. The driver of the vehicle sustained serious injuries.A Let L-410 passenger plane, registered PR-NOB, was destroyed in an accident near Recife-Guararapes International Airport, PE (REC), Brazil. All 14 passengers and two crew members were killed. The airplane operated on NOAR Linhas Aéreas Flight 4896 from Recife (REC) to Mossoró (MVF) with an en route stop at Natal (NAT).An Antonov 24RV passenger plane, registration RA-47302, crashed into the Ob River, Russia, killing seven passengers. The airplane took off from Tomsk (TOF) at 10:10 local time on domestic flight SP5007 to Surgut (SGC). An Antonov 24RV passenger plane, registration RA-47302, crashed into the Ob River, Russia, killing seven passengers. The airplane took off from Tomsk (TOF) at 10:10 local time on domestic flight SP5007 to Surgut (SGC). An Antonov 24RV passenger plane, registration RA-47302, crashed into the Ob River, Russia, killing seven passengers. The airplane took off from Tomsk (TOF) at 10:10 local time on domestic flight SP5007 to Surgut (SGC). An Embraer 505 Phenom 300 corporate jet was damaged following a runway excursion accident at St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport (ACH), Switzerland. All three on board survived.An Embraer 505 Phenom 300 corporate jet was damaged following a runway excursion accident at St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport (ACH), Switzerland. All three on board survived.A Cessna 500 Citation I corporate jet was destroyed when it crashed near Santiago de Compostela Airport (SCQ), Spain. Both pilots were killed in the accident.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air, PR-DOC, was destroyed when it impacted trees, structures, and electrical power lines 245 meters prior to the landing threshold of runway 03 at Juiz de Fora-Francisco de Assis Airport, MG (JDF), Brazil. The foreign certificated pilots and 6 passengers received fatal injuries. The flight departed Belo Horizonte-Pampulha Airport, MG (PLU), Brazil. A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air, OO-LET, was substantially damaged when its landing gear collapsed while landing at the Cambridge Airport (CBG), England. All four other crew members on board were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the local flight which departed Cambridge Airfield.An Antonov 2R biplane sustained substantial damage in a forced landing on the road to Elban, Russia, 58 km from Komsomolsk-na-Amure. A Let L-410UVP-E3 suffered substantial damage in a hard landing accident at Bolshoe Gryzlovo Airport near the city of Pushchino, Moscow region.A Boeing 737-200 passenger jet, operated by Sky Airline, sustained substantial damage to the right hand wing in a landing accident at La Serena-La Florida Airport (LSC), Chile. There were no injuries.A CRJ-200 passenger jet was damaged when it ran into a parking lot after being stolen at night. An McDonnell Douglas MD-83 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a maintenance mishap at Dallas/Fort Worth, TX. The airplane was being jacked during maintenance when the tail fell down, onto the tailstand. The tailstand went through the underside of the tail.A Gulfstream G-IV corporate jet, N823GA, was destroyed when it crashed at Le Castellet Airport (CTT), France. All three occupants were killed.A Harbin Yunshuji Y-12-II transport plane was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from Nouakchott Airport (NKC), Mauritania. All seven occupants were killed.The aircraft, a Trans Maldivian Airways de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300, 8Q-TMT, experienced a left hand float collapse after striking the dock at Conrad Maldivian Resort, Rangali Island, while on taxi and became partially submerged. A Colgan Air DHC-8-402, N213WQ, operating as United Express flight 4915, landed with the nose gear retracted on runway 9 at Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport, TX (IAH), Texas. There were no injuries to the 31 passengers and 4 crewmembers onboard and the airplane received substantial damage. The flight originated from Little Rock Airport (LIT), Arkansas.A Sabreliner 75A jet sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at El Palomar Airport, Argentina. The airplane carried the Argentine army chief, Lieutenant General Luis Pozzi who was returning after a visit to La Pampa.A Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System (MAFFS) equipped C-130 transport aircraft supporting firefighting missions crashed in the southwest corner of South Dakota, USA. The aircraft was supporting the efforts against the White Draw Fire. Four crew members were killed, two loadmasters stationed at the back of the plane survived the crash.An Ilyushin 76MD transport plane, registered RA-76761, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Migalovo, Russia.An Ilyushin 76MD transport plane, registered RA-76761, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Migalovo, Russia.An Ejército Nacional de Colombia (Colombian Army) Cessna 208B Grand Caravan took off from Fuerte Tolemaida Air Base - SKTI, Melgar, and crashed near La Leona,Tocaima, Cundinamarca department, about 35 km from SKTI. An Ejército Nacional de Colombia (Colombian Army) Cessna 208B Grand Caravan took off from Fuerte Tolemaida Air Base - SKTI, Melgar, and crashed near La Leona,Tocaima, Cundinamarca department, about 35 km from SKTI. The aircraft struck a fence, causing severe damage to a wing.The aircraft crash-landed on muddy terrain just after takeoff following engine problems. Twenty-eight people were injured.The Aviocar crashed into the sea 100 meters offshore, approx. 400 meters from the runway. Engine trouble reportedly preceded the accident. The aircraft was operated by the Indonesian National Police.Crashed in the mountains of western Papua New Guinea while attempting to land at Wobegon's runway 30. Both pilots died in the accident. The survivors were able to walk to the village. Wobegon has a single with 1969 feet of landing distance. It can only be used in one direction for landing (30) and takeoff (12) because it has an 8 degrees slope. Field elevation is 5800 feet.Citation N500AT was one of two company planes flying from Richmond to Pueblo. A refueling stop was made at Columbia. N500AT received clearance to land at runway 26R and descended through IMC. The flight continued to lose height until the left wing contacted the ground. The Citation crashed in prairie land and caught fire.Citation N500AT was one of two company planes flying from Richmond to Pueblo. A refueling stop was made at Columbia. N500AT received clearance to land at runway 26R and descended through IMC. The flight continued to lose height until the left wing contacted the ground. The Citation crashed in prairie land and caught fire.Gear-up landing. The airplane was parked at Aruba until March 2008, when it was donated by the Airport Authority to the Aruba Flight Simulator Club.The aircraft landed at Tambacounda at night and departed the runway. The left hand main undercarriage leg collapsed and the airplane came to rest on uneven terrain at the side of the runway.Kam Air Flight 904 from Herat to Kabul, Afghanistan, was destroyed when it impacted a mountain side during descent. All 105 on board were killed.The Challenger corporate jet was cleared for takeoff from runway 06, a 6013 ft/1833 m asphalt runway. When takeoff speed was reached the pilot tried to lift the plane off the runway but, according to his statement the control wheel was stuck. He then aborted the takeoff, but the plane skidded off the runway. It went through the perimeter fence, crossed a highway and crashed into a building. About 15 people were injured, one critically, but nobody was killed, officials said. The injured included two people in cars along the highway. Preliminary investigation results indicate that the airplane's center of gravity (CG) was well forward of the allowable limit. The Challenger corporate jet was cleared for takeoff from runway 06, a 6013 ft/1833 m asphalt runway. When takeoff speed was reached the pilot tried to lift the plane off the runway but, according to his statement the control wheel was stuck. He then aborted the takeoff, but the plane skidded off the runway. It went through the perimeter fence, crossed a highway and crashed into a building. About 15 people were injured, one critically, but nobody was killed, officials said. The injured included two people in cars along the highway. Preliminary investigation results indicate that the airplane's center of gravity (CG) was well forward of the allowable limit. RAF Hercules XV179 departed Baghdad at 16:24 for a routine flight to Balad. The airplane was flying at low level when it was hit by enemy fire. The outboard 23 feet of the right wing separated and the Hercules became uncontrollable. It crashed and broke up.An ATR-42 passenger plane sustained minor damage in an accident at Bergen-Flesland Airport (BGO), Norway. There were no injuries among the 22 passengers and three crew members.The Cessna 208 aircraft landed at Helsinki-Vantaa (HEL) at 04:47 on January 31, 2005. After landing, the pilot taxied to apron number four in the southeastern corner of the aerodrome and unloaded the cargo from Sweden. After having done that he left the airport and went to a suite the company reserves for the crew to rest before the return leg to Sweden, which was planned for the following afternoon. As per standard policy, the company operates the aircraft with a two person crew. On the day in question the co-pilot had taken ill and the pilot had flown alone. The return leg to Sweden was also planned as a one-person crew flight. The following morning the aircraft was refuelled with 420 l of Jet A-1, in accordance with the pilot’s instructions. All in all ca. 725 kg of fuel was reserved for the return leg. It had been snowing at the airport until 11:20 and the temperature was hovering at around zero degrees Celsius. After having arrived at the airport at 16:30, the pilot began to brush the accumulated snow and frozen snow melt off the upper surfaces of the aircraft. As per his account, there was a great deal of snow and ice on the aircraft. He did not, however, manage to brush all of the impurities off of the surfaces of the aircraft. The cargo going to Sweden did not arrive in time for him to fly it to Skavsta, his primary destination. Therefore, he phoned in a change to the flight plan choosing Örebro instead as his destination. The Let 410 departed Bucharest's domestic airport Baneasa for a regular mail flight to Iasi. Weather was poor as the aircraft arrived near Iasi. Snowfall limited the visibility to approx. 2 kilometers with a temperature of -4 deg. C. The airplane was on an NDB approach to runway 15 with PAR assistance. Over the IAS beacon the pilot reported flying at 2700 ft and stated that they were going to turn right, outbound. The aircraft however turned left and descended until it crashed near a road, 300 meters West of the tower.The Learjet 35A was operated as a positioning flight to Kansas City International Airport (MCI). Night instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The flight was en route to MCI to pick up passengers and continue on as an on-demand charter but diverted to the Kansas City-Charles B. Wheeler Downtown Airport (MKC) following the closure of MCI. MCI was closed due to a McDonnell Douglas MD83 sliding off a taxiway during an after landing taxi on contaminated runway/taxiway conditions. MKC held a limited airport certificate that did not have a snow removal plan and was served by runway 19 (7,002 feet by 150 feet, grooved asphalt). Following a precision approach and landing on runway 19 at MKC, the Learjet 35A slid off the departure end of the runway and impacted airport property and terrain. The Learjet 35A was operated with inoperative thrust reversers as per the airplane's minimum equipment list at the time of the accident. About 1:05 hours before the accident, runway 19 Tapley values were recorded as 21-22-22 with 1/2 inch of wet snow. About 17 minutes before the accident, MKC began snow removal operations. About 7 minutes before the accident, the MKC air traffic control tower (TWR) instructed the snow removal vehicles to clear the runway for inbound traffic. TWR was advised by airport personnel that runway 19 was plowed and surface conditions were 1/4 inch of snow of snow; friction values were not taken or reported. While inbound, the Learjet 35A requested any braking action reports from TWR. The first airplane to land was a Cessna 210 Centurion, and the pilot reported braking action to the TWR as "moderate", which was then transmitted by TWR as "fair" from a Centurion in response to the Learjet 35A's query. The Cessna 210 Centurion pilot did not use brakes during landing and did not indicate this to TWR during his braking action report.The Dornier 228 research aircraft named "Polar 4" entered a short and steep approach to the British Rothera Station on Antarctica. Weather conditions included low clouds and snow. The aircraft landed hard, causing substantial damage to the landing gear and fuselage. The aircraft was shipped back to Germany and after investigation declared irreparable in November 2005.The Boeing 747 operated on a cargo flight from Dubai to Düsseldorf on behalf of Emirates. The en route part of the flight was uneventful.Spanair flight 5811, an MD-83, departed Palma de Mallorca Airport, Spain, at 17:04 hours local time. Estimated flying time was 1 hour and 29 minutes. The copilot was Pilot Flying.The Grand Caravan departed La Paz (LPB) at 09:15 for a flight to Sucre (SRE). Some 45 minutes after takeoff the airplane could not maintain altitude in icing conditions and crash-landed in thick fog in hilly terrain on the slope of Cerro Huaricollo.The aircraft, leased by the French NGO Solidarités for a humanitarian flight, departed Goma on a flight to Kongolo via Bukavu and Kindu. It crashed into houses while on approach to Kongolo, some 100 meters short of the runway. At least ten persons were on board. The leasing contract stipulated that the flight was exclusively a cargo flight and was not authorized to transport any passengers.The Thomas Cook Airlines flight from took off Gatwick for Sofia was being operated by a Airbus A320. Staff at the airport reported that the nose gear wheel had come off during the take off. Which was later confirmed by air traffic control. The flight was set into a holding pattern to burn fuel. 4 hours later the flight was cleared for a emergency landing on runway 08R . During the landing the nose gear collapsed, causing the nose and both engines to scrape along the runway.Flew into the side of a hill at an elevation of 475 feet. The aircraft struck the ground in a 10-degrees nose down and 40-degree right bank attitude at a speed of 160 km/hThe AirNow flight departed Bangor at 20:18 on a flight to Manchester. Weather at Manchester however was foggy and the pilot was unable to land there. The pilot then requested to proceed to his alternate destination, Burlington. During the flight to Burlington, the pilot was contacted by company dispatch and it was agreed that Bennington would be a better destination because it was 45 miles closer than Burlington. As the flight progressed towards Bennington, the pilot contacted ATC and requested to change his destination to Keene. Weather at Keene included winds from 350 degrees at 3 knots; 1 statute mile of visibility; an overcast cloud layer at 100 feet agl. The Bandeirante flew an ILS approach to runway 02. When the airplane broke out of the clouds, it was not stable. Approaching the runway, at full flaps and exceeding the 25 percent maximum for a go-around, the pilot added full power to the left engine. The high power setting, slow airspeed, and full flaps combination resulted in a minimum control speed (Vmc) roll. No determination could be made as to why the right engine was inoperative, and there were no mechanical or fuel-related anomalies found that would have precluded normal operation. The airplane came to rest inverted on runway 02, about 90 feet from the approach end.A Gulfstream II corporate jet, N74RQ, was substantially damaged when it departed the runway and impacted a snow bank during landing roll at Logan-Cache Airport (LGU), Utah. Night instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. There were no injuries. The cross-country flight originated at Kansas City (MKC), Missouri, approximately 17:30.Aero República flight 7463 arrived at Cali following a flight from Cartagena. After touchdown on the 9842 feet long runway 19 the aircraft apparently overran the runway, coming to rest 800 feet past the end. The main and nose undercarriage were sheared off and the nose came to rest against a small perimeter fence.A Service Air Ltd. Antonov 12 cargo plane departed Entebbe Airport at 12:48 with destination Kinshasa. The plane carried humanitarian relief items. After takeoff engine problems forced the crew to return to Entebbe. The aircraft crashed in a forest some 6nm (11 km) from the airport.An Air Sahara Canadair RJ suffered right main landing gear collapse after touchdown at Goa, India. None of the four crew members of flight 2200, a ferry flight, were injured. The runway was blocked for about eight hours.The right hand main undercarriage collapsed following a heavy landing.The airplane was part of the relief operation to the tsunami stricken area of Banda Aceh. The airplane reportedly struck a water buffalo on the runway, causing the left undercarriage to collapse.The Beech 99 departed Helena (HLN) at 14:35 on flight to Butte (BTM) and was carrying only about 10 pounds of freight. The aircraft was cleared for the VOR B approach to Butte at 14:48. A weather front had been approaching the area from the south to the north/northeast. Weather conditions included icing conditions followed by heavy snow fall with poor visibility and variable winds in the mountains. The Boeing 737-600 approached runway 27 at Sevilla (SVQ) in poor weather conditions, consisting of rain and poor visibility. On landing the right main landing gear collapsed. The aircraft came to rest leaning to the right with the nose off the ground. Some 45 passengers were injured in the mishap.The airplane reportedly overran the runway, causing the right hand main landing gear to fail. The HS-748 sustained substantial damage to the fuselage, propellers and flaps.The brand new ATR-72 which was delivered just four months ago made a heavy landing at Bangalore (BLR) runway 27.The Jetstar lost directional control during landing on runway 13R. The airplane exited the right side of the runway coming to rest between the runway and the adjacent taxiway with a collapsed nose gear.The Learjet was sent to Bolivia to deliver humanitarian aid. Shortly after takeoff from La Paz, while returning to Paraná (PRA), Argentina, via Santa Cruz (VVI) the airplane struck terrain and broke up.The Cessna departed Porlamar (PMV) at 15:09 on a flight to Canaima (CAJ). On board were eleven Czech tourists. Some twenty minutes short of Canaima, the engine quit. The airplane began to descend from its cruising altitude of 10000 feet. The pilots managed to keep the airplane airborne for twelve minutes. A forced landing was carried out near the Arekuna Camp, located close to the Canaima National Park. On landing the aircraft ran into a ditch and overturned.LionAir flight IW8987 departed Bali (DPS) for a flight to Surabaya (SUB). The left engine thrust reverser was noted out of service prior to departure. Initial reports indicate that after the airplane's nose wheel touched the runway, reverse thrust was applied and the airplane yawed to the right. Action was taken to reduce reverse thrust, but the airplane departed the runway coming to rest approximately 7000 feet from the approach end of runway 10. Runway 10 is 9,843 long. The airplane nose gear and E&E bay was damaged. The Antonov crashed 35 km from Tshikapa. Three passengers were seriously injured in the accident. The Antonov burned out.The German Cessna Citation departed Munich on February 14 for a flight to Iraq. Intermediate stops were made at Budapest (BUD) and Baku (BAK). Contact with the plane was lost as it descended through 8,000 feet (2,450 metres). The wreckage was found on February 19, at an elevation of 4,250 feet (1,300 metres).The German Cessna Citation departed Munich on February 14 for a flight to Iraq. Intermediate stops were made at Budapest (BUD) and Baku (BAK). Contact with the plane was lost as it descended through 8,000 feet (2,450 metres). The wreckage was found on February 19, at an elevation of 4,250 feet (1,300 metres).The Falcon jet departed Moscow-Domodedovo (DME) at 18:36 local time for a flight to Luton (LTN). The SAS Fokker 50 "Inge Viking" sustained substantial damage when the main landing gear collapsed when the airplane was parked at the gate at Oslo-Gardermoen Airport. The airplane was to carry out early morning flight SK2301 to Kristiansund (KSU), but the passengers had not boarded the flight yet.Reportedly crashed during an illegal drug smuggling flight. The airplane had been declared missing during a flight from Valencia (VLN) to Barinas (BNS), Venezuela with two crew on board.Crashed into a nearby building after the pilot lost control when the front tyre burst on landing,The Metro cargo plane departed Toledo Express (TOL) at 10:16, arriving at Dayton (DAY) at 10:50 EST. The Metro was to transport auto parts to Harlingen (HRL) and departed again at 11:48. The aircraft climbed to a cruising altitude of FL160 which it reached at 11:56 EST. En route the pilot requested and was cleared to make a 360-degree turn to the left. Shortly after this, the pilot requested a 360-degree turn to the right. The pilot then requested radar vectors to the closest airport. Controllers gave the pilot a vector to the closest airport and asked if he had an emergency. The pilot reported he had an asymmetric fuel condition. The pilot then asked for a lower altitude. Controllers cleared the flight to 4,000 feet. About a minute later the pilot transmitted "Mayday" six times. The airplane descended fast in a near vertical attitude and crashed next to a pasture in a heavily wooded area.UPS flight 1307, a regular night-time package flight from Atlanta (ATL) to Philadelphia (PHL), departed Atlanta at 22:42 EST. Just after receiving clearance to land at runway 27R, the DC-8 crew reported that they had a smoke warning light come on: "Cleared to land, and ah listen we just got a cargo smoke indicator come on can we have the equipment?". The Tower controller replied: "Okay, I'll do that ..the cargo smoke indicator....ah... souls on board and amount of fuel Sir?" UPS1307 reported three souls on board and two hours worth of fuel. About a minute later the controller cleared the fight to land at runway 27L, which is 1006 feet (308 m) longer than runway 27R. The crew confirms the clearance, but continues their approach to 27R. The tower controller notices this and queries: "..1307 Heavy just confirming that your are lined up to the left side and it appears you are lined up to the right." UPS1307 replies: "I am sorry I thought we were cleared for the right..uh.. are we cleared to land on the right?" The tower controller then clears them to land on 27R and informs the fire department about this. Smoke was coming from the aircraft as it landed. The crew evacuated and the fire services started fighting the fire. The blaze was reported under control by about 04:00.Two Air Cargo Carriers Shorts 360 cargo planes, N372AC and N3735W, had been in maintenance for the installation of some auxiliary fuel tanks. Flights were planned to verify the fuel flow rates for those tanks. Prior to departure, both flight crews decided that they would join-up after departure in order to take video and still photography of each airplane. N3735W and N372AC departed Milwaukee (MKE) at 15:55 and 16:15, respectively. After departure and clearing MKE airspace, the flight crew of N372AC established radio and visual contact with N3735W. N3735W then proceeded to perform several fly-bys past N372AC who remained on constant headings and altitude. N3735W then came up along the other Shorts' left side and flew in formation with approximately 100-150 feet lateral separation. A pilot of N3735W then announced over the radio that they would turn right and descend below N372AC. During that manoeuver N3735W's left wing impacted the left wing and engine of the other plane. The captain of N372AC attempted to climb in an attempt to avoid impacting N3735W. The outboard 3/4 of the left wing of N372AC separated and the airplane crashed out of control, into a field southeast of the intersection of Highway Q and Highway 19 and caught fire. After the collision, N372AC rolled to the left and pitched down significantly before the flight crew regained control of the airplane. The flight crew declared an emergency and diverted to Juneau-Dodge County Airport, WI (UNU) for an emergency landing. N372AC experienced a complete hydraulic failure and was losing hydraulic fluid. The flight crew performed an emergency landing on runway 08 (5,069 feet by 100 feet, asphalt) with flaps retracted and a partially extended landing gear. The airplane overran the end of the runway, coming to rest about 100 feet from the departure threshold.Two Air Cargo Carriers Shorts 360 cargo planes, N372AC and N3735W, had been in maintenance for the installation of some auxiliary fuel tanks. Flights were planned to verify the fuel flow rates for those tanks. Prior to departure, both flight crews decided that they would join-up after departure in order to take video and still photography of each airplane. N3735W and N372AC departed Milwaukee (MKE) at 15:55 and 16:15, respectively. After departure and clearing MKE airspace, the flight crew of N372AC established radio and visual contact with N3735W. N3735W then proceeded to perform several fly-bys past N372AC who remained on constant headings and altitude. N3735W then came up along the other Shorts' left side and flew in formation with approximately 100-150 feet lateral separation. A pilot of N3735W then announced over the radio that they would turn right and descend below N372AC. During that manoeuver N3735W's left wing impacted the left wing and engine of the other plane. The captain of N372AC attempted to climb in an attempt to avoid impacting N3735W. The outboard 3/4 of the left wing of N372AC separated and the airplane crashed out of control, into a field southeast of the intersection of Highway Q and Highway 19 and caught fire. After the collision, N372AC rolled to the left and pitched down significantly before the flight crew regained control of the airplane. The flight crew declared an emergency and diverted to Juneau-Dodge County Airport, WI (UNU) for an emergency landing. N372AC experienced a complete hydraulic failure and was losing hydraulic fluid. The flight crew performed an emergency landing on runway 08 (5,069 feet by 100 feet, asphalt) with flaps retracted and a partially extended landing gear. The airplane overran the end of the runway, coming to rest about 100 feet from the departure threshold.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, N266EB, registered to Weekend Air Charter Services Inc., and operated by an individual as a personal flight, crashed while on final approach to runway 23, at the Myrtle Beach-Grand Strand Airport, SC (CRE). Night visual meteorological conditions prevailed and a visual flight rules flight plan was filed. The airline transport-rated pilot, and five passengers received fatal injuries and the airplane was destroyed. The Cessna Citation departed Asheville (AVL) at 11:30 on a 15-minute flight to Burnsville, NC. At Burnsville performed a "touch-and-go." Following the touch-and-go, at about 11:45, and upon raising the landing gear, they got an "unsafe gear" light. The crew cycled the gear back down and got a "three green" normal indication. They cycled the gear back up and again got the "gear unsafe" light. They cycled the gear three more times with the same results. The crew decided to return to Asheville, and upon extending the gear for a visual landing at Asheville, the right main landing gear green light did not illuminate. The crew stated that they performed all of the checklist procedures and asked the control tower personnel to visually look to see if the gear was down and that tower personnel reported that it was. The crew asked the tower personnel if the landing light was on, and tower personnel replied that is was not. According to the flight crew, they went through the emergency procedures again, but they had no luck in getting the landing gear to lock down. They said that there was no landing light and that they got the gear horn with the gear down and full flaps with the throttles at idle. The crew stated they were sure that the gear was out of the uplocks but not down and locked. The crew stated that, after talking with maintenance personnel on the ground at Asheville, they decided to divert to Greensboro/High Point-Piedmont Triad International Airport, NC (GSO), where there were better facilities to handle the situation. One of the passengers had noticed that after the crew had recycled the gear the last time, a panel on the right wing was pushed up. The flight continued to Greensboro, at 150 knots with the gear down. Greensboro tower personnel cleared the flight for a visual approach. According to the crew, the landing was normal for the first 2,000 feet of roll out, then the right main landing gear collapsed. The crew said that, when the gear collapsed, they shut down both engines and the airplane veered off the right side of the runway into the grass. Both crewmembers and passengers exited the airplane through the main door with no injuries.A BAe Jetstream 31, HH-DPL, sustained substantial damage in a runway overrun accident at Cap Haitien Airport (CAP), Haiti.The pilot was reportedly distracted by another aircraft in the corner of his eye when landing and overshot the runway by about 250 m. It ran through a fence, sustaining about AUS$40,000 worth of damage. The pilot had been undertaking a test flight before he was due to fly the plane to its new owners, LIP-Air (dba Aero-Tropics), in Cairns that afternoon. The aircraft was registered in Australia on January 20, 2006.The aircraft landed hard, causing both wings to break. The aircraft came to rest on the left hand side of the runway with both wings hanging down. A small fire erupted in the back of the plane. The Antonov was reportedly carrying fuel.Citation N86CE departed Sun Valley (SUN) at 05:50 MST on a flight to Carlsbad (CLD). The airplane climbed to its assigned cruising altitude of FL380, which was reached at about 06:06 MST. The descend for Carlsbad was started an hour later, at 06:06 PST. Air traffic control cleared the flightcrew for the ILS approach to runway 24, which was 4,897 feet long. The flightcrew then reported that they had the runway in sight, cancelled their IFR clearance, and executed a VFR approach in VFR conditions to the airport. The reported winds favoured a landing toward the east, onto the opposite runway (runway 6). During the approach, after a query from the first officer, the captain indicated to the first officer that he was going to "...land to the east," consistent with the reported winds. However, the final approach and subsequent landing were made to runway 24, which produced a six-knot tailwind. During the approach sequence the captain maintained an airspeed that was approximately 30 knots higher than the correct airspeed for the aircraft's weight, resulting in the aircraft touching down about 1,500 feet further down the runway than normal, and much faster than normal. The captain then delayed the initiation of a go-around until the first officer asked if they were going around. Although the aircraft lifted off the runway surface prior to departing the paved overrun during the delayed go-around it impacted a localizer antenna platform, whose highest non-frangible structure was located approximately 304 feet past the end of the runway, and approximately two feet lower than the terrain at the departure end of the runway. The aircraft continued airborne as it flew over downsloping terrain for about 400 more feet before colliding with the terrain and a commercial storage building that was located at an elevation approximately 80 feet lower than the terrain at the end of the runway. The localizer antenna platform was located outside of the designated runway safety area, and met all applicable FAA siting requirements.The Antonov was flying peacekeepers home who were returning from the NATO mission in Kosovo. The aircraft crashed 700 meters (2,300 ft) up in the snowy, forested, Borso Hill, some 20 km (12 miles) from the Kosice. Reportedly the pilot descended prematurely over dark terrain towards the lights of Kosice. The Antonov was flying peacekeepers home who were returning from the NATO mission in Kosovo. The aircraft crashed 700 meters (2,300 ft) up in the snowy, forested, Borso Hill, some 20 km (12 miles) from the Kosice. Reportedly the pilot descended prematurely over dark terrain towards the lights of Kosice. The Beechcraft B300 Super King Air 350 was approaching runway 16 of Freiburg Im Breisgau Airport, Germany in heavy fog. The crew descended too low and touched trees, 450 meters before the runway. The plane crashed in a small forest and burned out.The Beechcraft B300 Super King Air 350 was approaching runway 16 of Freiburg Im Breisgau Airport, Germany in heavy fog. The crew descended too low and touched trees, 450 meters before the runway. The plane crashed in a small forest and burned out.The Sabreliner took off for a navigation training mission around 11:00 and was scheduled to arrive in Pensacola around 15:00. Last radio contact was at 11:20. The aircraft was found to have crashed on Johns Mountain. Debris was scattered over several hundreds yards. Investigators found the point of initial impact that probably caused the accident about a mile away from the crash site, where the airplane appears to have contacted a tree.Reportedly the Twin Otter suffered a tyre failure on takeoff. The airplane overran the runway and collided with a post. The right hand wing separated completely.Crash-landed in a field in poor weather conditions. The Head of the ground forces of the Revolutionary Guard, Ahmad Kazemi, was among those killed in the crash. Reports indicate that the crew did not get three greens after selecting the gear down while on approach to Orumiyeh Airport. A flypast was done so the control tower could observe the status of the landing gear. While circling the airplane suffered a double engine flame-out, reportedly as a result of engine icing. An emergency landing was attempted in a field, but the Falcon crashed.A Beech A100, N700NC, operated as an emergency medical service flight, veered off runway 32 (5,235 feet by 100 feet, asphalt) during landing roll at Sault Ste Marie Municipal/Sanderson Field Airport, MI (ANJ). The airplane received substantial damage when it impacted snow covered terrain. Night instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident.The C-54 departed Norman Wells at 16:52. Six minutes later, the crew declared an emergency due to a fire in the number 2 engine. The no. 2 engine quit and the crew tried to extinguish the fire by activating the fire bottles. This did not extinguish the fire. They feathered the no. 2 propeller and simultaneously the no. 1 propeller feathered. The crew decided to perform an off-field forced landing, but then the engine fire extinguished. They made it back to Norman Wells where an emergency landing on two engines was carried out. The aircraft departed the runway and came to a halt in deep snow some 60 feet from the edge of the runway.The Antonov 26 was operating on a flight from Beni Airport (BNC) to Aru via Bunia Airport (BUX). The airplane reportedly crashed at Fataki, injuring the three passengers.China Southern Flight 6901 took off at 10:35, bound for Beijing. About 40 minutes into the flight, a 19-year old woman opened some cans and tried to start a fire in a toilet. She was arrested by air marshallers. The pilot diverted to Lanzhou. A Transall C-160 aircraft, registered PK-VTQ, operated by Manunggal Air, was on an unscheduled freight flight from Jayapura-Sentani Airport (DJJ) to Wamena Airport (WMX). There were seven people on board; two pilots, two engineers, and three flight officers.A twin-engine Cessna 500 airplane, N113SH, was destroyed upon impact with terrain following a loss of control shortly after takeoff from runway 17L at the Wiley Post Airport (PWA), in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The airplane was registered to the Southwest Orthopedic and Sports Medicine Clinic and operated by Interstate Helicopters.The Islander was involved in a drugs run to Morocco still as G-PASV, although it had been cancelled from the U.K register. It was intercepted on its return landing in a field near Consuega, Spain. It sunk into the soft earth and was damaged.A Dornier 328-100 operated by South East Asian Airlines sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Manila-Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Philippines.The Beech 1900 was used to transport company personnel to the Black Mesa Coal Mine. The flight departed from Flagstaff about 07:00.The crew reportedly had to abort takeoff due to engine problems. The ATR-72 failed to stop within the remaining runway length and overran by 100 feet. It went up an embankment, causing the fuselage to break in two just forward of the wing.Damaged during engine test run. The airplane is presumed to be damaged beyond economical repair as it was stored engineless at Ra'sal-Khaymah (last seen there January 2011).An ATR-42-300 operating Santa Bárbara Airlines Flight 518 was destroyed when it impacted the side of a mountain shortly after takeoff from Mérida-A Carnevalli Airport in Venezuela. All 46 on board were killed.The Citation III crashed and disintegrated in a field en route between Valencia (VLN) and Puerto Ordaz (PZO) in Venezuela.An Embraer ERJ-170, N828MD, operated by Republic Airlines as flight 3416 destined to Rochester, NY, collided during taxi in the runup area of taxiway J at the north end of runway 19 of Washington-National Airport, DC (DCA), with an Airbus A319, N752US, operated by US Airways as flight US2166 destined to New York-LaGuardia Airport. The right aileron of the Airbus was substantially damaged, the left winglet of the Embraer had minor damage. There were no injuries. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed.Damaged beyond repair after an engine fire.An Embraer ERJ-170, N828MD, operated by Republic Airlines as flight 3416 destined to Rochester, NY, collided during taxi in the runup area of taxiway J at the north end of runway 19 of Washington-National Airport, DC (DCA), with an Airbus A319, N752US, operated by US Airways as flight US2166 destined to New York-LaGuardia Airport. The right aileron of the Airbus was substantially damaged, the left winglet of the Embraer had minor damage. There were no injuries. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed.A Canadair CRJ100ER passenger jet, operated by Belavia, was destroyed when crashed and burned on takeoff from Yerevan-Zvartnots Airport (EVN), Armenia. All three crew members and eighteen passengers survived the accident.Ran off the runway on landing. The undercarriage collapsed and the airplane came to rest on the edge of a lagoon.After leaving the hangar at Simon Bolivar Airport (CCS), the DC-9 could not be stopped. It crossed a runway and came to rest next to runway 10L. It sustained substantial damage to the left hand wing and landing gear.After leaving the hangar at Simon Bolivar Airport (CCS), the DC-9 could not be stopped. It crossed a runway and came to rest next to runway 10L. It sustained substantial damage to the left hand wing and landing gear.Air New Zealand Link Flight NZ2279 departed Blenheim (BHE) about 07:00 on a domestic service to Christchurch (CHC). A Somali woman, sitting in seat 1A directly behind the forward bulkhead, pulled a knife and entered the flight deck. She demanded the pilots to take the flight to Australia. She reportedly also claimed to have bombs with her. Two of the passengers tried to calm the woman. When the plane came into land at Christchurch International Airport, the woman allegedly started moving the aircraft controls. The pilots made a turn and the hijacker lost balance. After landing at Christchurch the captain then confronted the woman and wrestled her to the floor. The co-pilot helped the captain to disarm the woman, who was then arrested by police.Boeing 717 VH-NXE, was being operated on a scheduled passenger service from Cairns, via Gove-Nhulunbuy (GOV) to Darwin (DRW). Crash-landed following engine failure.Crash-landed following engine failure.The pilot reported that it was snowing during his preflight activities and takeoff roll. A snowplough operator stated that he had cleared approximately four passes on either side of the runway centerline when the accident airplane taxied onto the runway. The pilot back-taxied on the departure runway to determine how much snow covered the runway. During the subsequent takeoff roll, at approximately 80 knots, the left main landing gear encountered some deeper snow that caused the airplane to swerve left off of the runway centerline. The pilot attempted to correct the left swerve with right rudder input, but the airplane continued off the left side of the runway. The airplane was substantially damaged when its nose landing gear impacted a snowbank.The F-27 cargo plane was scheduled to operate a night cargo flight from Edinburgh (EDI) to Coventry (CVT). The weather conditions at Edinburgh Airport were wintry with snowfall, which required the aircraft to be de-iced. Shortly after both engines had been started, the commander signalled to the marshaller to remove the Ground Power Unit (GPU) from the aircraft, which was facing nose out from its stand, down a slight slope. As the marshaller went to assist his colleague to remove the GPU to a safe distance prior to the aircraft taxiing off the stand, the aircraft started to move forward slowly, forcing them to run to safety. The flight crew, who were looking into the cockpit, were unaware that the aircraft was moving. It continued to move forward until its right propeller struck the GPU, causing substantial damage to the GPU, the propeller and the engine. The ground crew were uninjured.Cargo broke loose during takeoff from Lome (LFW). It broke through the bulkhead, causing severe damage.Cargo broke loose during takeoff from Lome (LFW). It broke through the bulkhead, causing severe damage.The airplane, a corporate version of the RegionalJet, was conducting a maintenance positioning flight to Berlin-Schönefeld Airport (SXF). The airplane lifted off runway 06 about 1,500 meters from the threshold, and immediately banked sharply to the left. It then banked sharply to the right, hitting the runway with the right wingtip. The airplane continued to roll to the right until it was inverted, and veered off the right side of the runway. It came to rest 1,950 meters from the runway threshold, about 35 meters to the right of the runway's edge. The crew of ZH876 were tasked to fly a routine roulement of troops to a Tactical Landing Zone (TLZ) in Maysaan province, Iraq. Weather at the TLZ was good, with a visibility of 25 km, no significant cloud and a light surface wind.The DHC-6 Twin Otter was transporting mining material between Donaldson Lake (YAU) and Berbegamau. During the landing, the aircraft struck a snow bank and the nose wheel broke on impact. Nobody was injured. The aircraft's nose wheel was substantially damaged.Suburban Air Freight flight 22 departed Omaha-Eppley (OMA) at 23:45 for a non-scheduled domestic cargo flight to Scottsbluff (BFF). The pilot was dispatched to Scottsbluff instead of his usual destination, Alliance Airport, NE (AIA) because Scottsbluff had a precision instrument approach, while Alliance Airport did not. The pilot elected to fly to his usual airport, and attempted a nonprecision instrument approach. The airport had both a VOR and an NDB approach. The NDB approach was noted as being out of service, although there was still a radio signal coming from the navigation aid. The pilot was cleared for the VOR approach, although instrumentation inside the cockpit was found set for the NDB approach, and radar track data disclosed that the flight path was consistent with the NDB approach path, not the VOR's. The airport's reported weather was 1.25 miles visibility, with a 200-foot overcast in mist. The airport's minimum NDB approach altitude is 652 feet above touchdown height. The airplane did not reach the runway, and collided with a pole and a building.The Islander departed Davao (DVO) at 07:19 and was expected to arrive at the Mactan-Cebu International Airport to refuel by 09:30. On approach to the airport, the pilot reported engine vibrations. The airplane ditched just offshore.A McDonnell Douglas DC-9-31 sustained substantial damage to the fuselage in a towing mishap at  Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, MN (MSP). The towing truck became wedged under the fuselage with the nose of the airplane lifted off the ground.A Beechcraft 200C Super King Air, VQ-TIU, crashed soon after takeoff from North Caicos Airport (NCA), at the start of a flight bound for Grand Turk Island Airport (GDT), Turks and Caicos Islands. On board were one pilot and five passengers. The pilot received fatal injuries in the accident; the passengers mostly suffered serious injuries. Weather conditions at the time were good, but it was after nightfall; the moon had not risen and there was little cultural lighting in the area.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air airplane, N45MF, collided with sparsely populated mountainous terrain north-northwest of the Bozeman-Gallatin Field, MT (BZN). The An-2 LY-AJG was being ferried from Europe to Canada in September 2006. It passed through Vagar, Reykjavik and Kulusuk before landing at Narsarsuaq (UAK). It was parked there for several months. Severe winds caused substantial damage to the plane. The undercarriage collapsed and the left wings were damaged.The Tampa Colombia DC-8 operated on a cargo flight to Miami (MIA). The captain stated that during the landing rollout on runway 09R,, while the airplane was at a speed of about 100-120 knots, and while the thrust reversers were deployed, the airplane began to lean and veer to the right. He said that he initially thought it may have been due to the crosswind, but he soon realized that the landing gear had collapsed. The captain estimated that when the airplane began to lean and veer it was positioned in the vicinity of taxiway T-2, and the airplane stopped in the vicinity of taxiway U. The flight crew then evacuated the airplane onto the taxiway via the L1 door slide.The Beech 300 crashed on the Yahurabila coastline of Nicaragua. Police discovered at least 50 kgs of cocaine. The aircraft had departed from Colombia.A Beechcraft B200 King Air, N777AJ, was substantially damaged due to acceleration forces incurred during an uncontrolled descent and recovery from cruise at flight level (FL) 270. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The flight crew reported they depressurized the airplane after a cracked/shattered windshield. They then donned their oxygen masks but were unable to obtain oxygen from the oxygen system resulting in their loss of consciousness. They later regained consciousness, recovered from the descent, and landed without further incident at Cape Girardeau Regional Airport, Cape Girardeau, Missouri. The 14 CFR Part 91 business flight was operating on an instrument flight rules plan. The pilot and copilot were uninjured. The flight originated from Rogers Municipal Airport-Carter Field (ROG), Rogers, Arkansas, at 0839.At the time of the accident, sport parachute jumping was taking place at Gryttjom airfield, Sweden. The pilot, who was involved in these operations, intended to take off with 21 parachutists on board the aircraft for them to carry out a normal jump near to the airfield.A Maldivian Air Taxi float-equipped DHC-6 Twin Otter was substantially damaged when it suffered an accident while landing on the Halavelhi Resort lagoon. The 8Q-MAG aircraft departed at 09:45, with 3 crew and 4 passengers on board, for a photo flight around the Lagoon of Halaveli (North Ari Atoll) from the floating platform (fixed to jetty) of Halaveli (North Ari Atoll). The sky was clear with good visibility and wind, 8-10 knots, from westerly direction.A Beechcraft 350 Super King Air was destroyed in an accident at the Terravista Golf Club Airport, Bahia, Brazil. All 14 on board were killed.The Indonesian Air Force Hercules was on approach to Madiun-Iswahyudi Airport when it hit four houses before skidding into a rice field. It burst into flames on impact. Antara news agency reports that fifteen occupants survived the accident. Earlier reports indicated that the airplane carried 14 crew members and 98 passengers. Kompas.com reported a confirmed number of fatalities of 96. It's unclear if this figure includes two or three reported ground fatalities.An Air France Airbus A330-200 was destroyed when it crashed into the sea while on transatlantic flight from Rio de Janeiro-Galeao International Airport, RJ (GIG) to Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG).Landed gear-up.Landed gear-up.Landed gear-up.Landed gear-up.A Saudi Arabian Airlines MD-90 was substantially damaged during a runway excursion accident Riyadh (RUH). The seven crew members escaped unhurt.The airplane encountered bad weather (CB). The aircraft fuselage sustained 1.8 G acceleration forces and was struck by hail stones. The flight diverted to Mashhad and landed normally. The fuselage sustained substantial damage.A Cessna Grand Caravan, registration D-FOLE, was damaged following a midair collision with a Cessna FR172K Hawk XP. Both aircraft landed safely.A DC-10-30, operated by World Airways as flight 8535, experienced a hard landing failing the left nose tire upon landing on runway 10 at Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI). The flight crew executed a go-around and landed on runway 33L. The flight was a contract Defense Department Air Mobility Command flight from Leipzig (LEJ), Germany. There were 168 passengers and 12 crew members on board, 4 occupants were taken to a local hospital, and the first officer experienced a serious injury. The airplane had substantial damage to the nose gear, electronics and equipment bay, and forward pressure bulkhead. Weather was reported as visual conditions with light winds.Witnesses from locals report the plane made 3 attempts to land and hit power lines. The weather conditions were poor, including heavy snow.A Boeing 737 was destroyed during an accident near Massamba Village, Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of Congo. Both pilots and five engineers died in the accident.Crashed in a grape vineyard and burst into flames.A Lockheed P2V-7 Neptune, N442NA, impacted the terrain about one and one-half mile north of Stockton, Utah. The two airline transport pilots and their passenger were killed in the accident, and the airplane was substantially damaged by the impact sequence. The airplane was owned and operated by Neptune Aviation Services, and dispatched as the result of the issuance of a Resource Order (Aircraft) issued by the National Interagency Coordination Center (NICC). The repositioning flight, which departed Missoula, Montana, about two hours prior to the accident, was en route to Alamogordo, New Mexico. At the time of the accident, the airplane was flying in an area of low ceilings and restricted visibility. No flight plan had been filed with the Federal Aviation Administration, but a company flight plan was on file with NICC.A Lockheed P2V-7 Neptune, N442NA, impacted the terrain about one and one-half mile north of Stockton, Utah. The two airline transport pilots and their passenger were killed in the accident, and the airplane was substantially damaged by the impact sequence. The airplane was owned and operated by Neptune Aviation Services, and dispatched as the result of the issuance of a Resource Order (Aircraft) issued by the National Interagency Coordination Center (NICC). The repositioning flight, which departed Missoula, Montana, about two hours prior to the accident, was en route to Alamogordo, New Mexico. At the time of the accident, the airplane was flying in an area of low ceilings and restricted visibility. No flight plan had been filed with the Federal Aviation Administration, but a company flight plan was on file with NICC.Royal Air Maroc flight AT200, a Boeing 767, experienced a hard landing on runway 04R at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK), New York. There were no injuries to the 210 passengers or 10 crew members onboard but the airplane received substantial damage.Royal Air Maroc flight AT200, a Boeing 767, experienced a hard landing on runway 04R at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK), New York. There were no injuries to the 210 passengers or 10 crew members onboard but the airplane received substantial damage.Magnicharters Flight 585 is a regular flight from Cancún (CUN) to Guadalajara (GDL). The crew selected the undercarriage down on finals to Guadalajara but did not get a down and locked indication. They performed a fly past so the tower controllers could establish the position of the landing gear. They confirmed that the undercarriage was not fully down and locked. The flight crew then decided to carry out a belly landing on runway 28.A Pakistan International Airlines ATR-42 was substantially damaged when it suffered a runway excursion while landing at Lahore Airport (LHE) runway 36R. CanJet Flight 918 departed from Halifax at 19:15 on a flight to Montego Bay-Sangster International Airport (MBJ), Jamaica and Santa Clara Airport (SNU), in Cuba. After landing at Montego Bay, a 21-year-old Jamaican man breached security and burst onto the plane brandishing a gun.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registered YV1181 and operated by Aerotuy, sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Canaima Airport (CAJ), Venezuela. One 6 year old boy died, and seven others were badly injured.The engine cut while flying at an altitude of 2000 m. An emergency landing was carried out in a rice field roughly 50 km north of Vientiane.A four-engine British Aerospace 146-300, registered PK-BRD, was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside while on approach to Wamena (WMX), Indonesia. All six crew members were killed.The Indonesian Air Force Fokker F-27 was returning to Bandung (BDO) from a parachuting exercise. Six crew, an instructor and 17 special forces trainees were onboard the aircraft. On landing the airplane contacted a hangar near the runway 29 threshold. Sources in Indonesia reported to Kompas.com that there was a 20-knot crosswind at the time of the accident.The Indonesian Air Force Fokker F-27 was returning to Bandung (BDO) from a parachuting exercise. Six crew, an instructor and 17 special forces trainees were onboard the aircraft. On landing the airplane contacted a hangar near the runway 29 threshold. Sources in Indonesia reported to Kompas.com that there was a 20-knot crosswind at the time of the accident.Crashed on landing and caught fire. The aircraft operated on a training flight. At the time of the accident the crew were practicing a single engine approach and landing.A Tupolev 134AK transport plane, registered RA-95981 and operated by the Russia Air Force, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident.FedEx flight 80 departed Guangzhou (CAN), China on a cargo flight to Tokyo-Narita (NRT) with the first officer likely acting as pilot flying.At 22:31 local time, an Airbus A340-500 aircraft, registered A6-ERG, commenced the takeoff roll on runway 16 at Melbourne Airport (MEL) on a scheduled, passenger flight (EK407) to Dubai (DXB), United Arab Emirates. The takeoff was planned as a reduced-power takeoff and the first officer was the handling pilot for the departure. At 22:31:53, the captain called for the first officer to rotate. The first officer attempted to rotate the aircraft, but it did not respond immediately with a nose-up pitch. The captain again called 'rotate' and the first officer applied a greater nose-up command. The nose of the aircraft was raised and the tail made contact with the runway surface, but the aircraft did not begin to climb. The captain then selected TOGA on the thrust levers, the engines responded immediately, and the aircraft commenced a climb.Boeing E-8C JSTARS, tail number 93-0597, assigned to the USAF 379th Air Expeditionary Wing, experienced a near catastrophic fuel tank over-pressurization during aerial refuelling. The mishap aircraft terminated its mission and returned to Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar. The crew and mission personnel evacuated the aircraft safely without injury.An Embraer ERJ145, registered HK-4536, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Mitú-Fabio Alberto León Bentley Airport (MVP), Colombia. There were no fatalities and there was no fire.The Beechcraft 200 Super King Air landed short of the runway at Arlit, Niger. The undercarriage collapsed and the airplane slid onto the runway before coming to rest.The Beechcraft 200 Super King Air landed short of the runway at Arlit, Niger. The undercarriage collapsed and the airplane slid onto the runway before coming to rest.During an ILS approach at night to runway 2 at Nadi, (Fiji, the no. 2 electrical system failed. A little later, during final approach, the aural warning for non-extension of landing gear sounded. The crew decided to continue the approach. On landing, the aeroplane exited the runway to the right and came to a stop leaning on the fuselage. Examination of the aeroplane showed that the landing gear was retracted with the landing gear doors open.An Antonov 12BP cargo plane, registered UP-AN216, was destroyed when it crashed near the town of Mexico, Philippines. Three crew members survived, three others are presumed to have been killed in the crash.An An-2 crop spraying plane sustained substantial damage when it nosed over during a forced landing after engine problems. A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 passenger plane, registered 9N-ABX, was damaged during a landing at Kangel Danda Airfield, Nepal. Cathay Pacific Airways flight CPA780, an Airbus A330, was scheduled to operate from Surabaya, Indonesia to Hong Kong. The crew had carried out the sector from Hong Kong to Surabaya on the previous day. The accident aircraft stayed overnight at Surabaya Airport and was parked at Stand 8.A Boeing 737-322 passenger plane, registered PK-MDE, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Manokwari-Rendani Airport (MKW/WASR), Indonesia. All 103 passengers and seven crew members survived but ten sustained serious injuries.A Boeing 737-322 passenger plane, registered PK-MDE, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Manokwari-Rendani Airport (MKW/WASR), Indonesia. All 103 passengers and seven crew members survived but ten sustained serious injuries.Aircraft crashed into two apartment building and landed in a backyard. Aircraft was completely destroyed with all aboard killed. At least two in the apartment buildings have been killed with 4 injured. Airplane was on final approach during a military training flight. Heavy fog was present at the time of the accident.The wheel-ski equipped de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300, registration C-GKBC, was departing from an unprepared strip on the Melville Island ice cap, Canada. The strip surface was smooth snow. There were two crew and two passengers on board, as well as a small skidoo, a skidoo sled, and boxed gear. The sky conditions were clear and the winds were estimated to be 5 to 8 knots. The takeoff was initiated on a slight downhill slope, into approximately 70 degrees of crosswind, with a minimum of 2000 feet available to a predetermined reject point. All engine parameters were normal; however, the aircraft did not accelerate as expected and the takeoff continued approximately 800 feet past the reject point, to an area where the terrain sloped more steeply into a depression. The aircraft became airborne at low speed over the depression and maximum power was applied in order to clear gently rising terrain ahead. The main gear contacted the ground on the far side of the depression, and the aircraft bounced and touched down a second time in an area covered by basketball size rocks. At that point the takeoff was rejected and the aircraft came to a stop approximately 300 feet past the second touchdown point. There were no injuries; however the nose gear broke off at the fork, and the aircraft sustained substantial damage to the forward, lower and aft fuselage.A Rockwell T-39N Sabreliner twin-jet, operated by Training Air Wing Six (US Navy), was destroyed in an accident near Blue Ridge, Fannin County, GA. All four crew members are presumed to have been killed in the accident The bodies of three have been recovered so far.A Learjet 25D, XA-UNC, was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Huatulco-Bahías de Huatulco International Airport, Mexico. The aircraft is said to have made a belly landing. A fire erupted near the no. 2 engine.An Antonov 74 jet sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Ivanovo-Severny AB, Russia. Takeoff was aborted due to engine failure. The airplane overran the runway. Two occupants reportedly were taken to hospitals. The airplane was a VIP aircraft, used by the director of the FSB (Nikolai Patrushev).The aircraft was on a flight from Mogadishu, Somalia to Wajir Airport, Kenya for a day stop. The landing in Mogadishu was uneventful. The crew tried to use flaps on their take off from Mogadishu but the flap circuit breaker (CB) kept on popping. They elected to carry out a flapless take off and subsequently a flapless landing in Wajir. On finals the crew failed to lower the landing gear.A Boeing 727-225 aircraft (registration C-GCJZ) operated as Cargojet flight 620, departed Hamilton (YHM) on a scheduled cargo flight to the Greater Moncton International Airport (YQM) with three crew members on board. An Instrument Landing System approach was carried out and the aircraft touched down on the 6150 foot long runway 06. Following touchdown, the flight crew were unable to stop the aircraft prior to the end of the runway. The aircraft came to rest in deep mud, the nose wheel approximately 340 feet beyond the runway end and 140 feet beyond the edge of the paved runway end strip. A local fire department responded and arrived on-scene approximately 20 minutes after the aircraft departed the runway. The flight crew exited the aircraft using a ladder provided by the fire fighters. There were no injuries and the aircraft had minor damage.An Embraer 120ER Brasilia turboprop plane, registered VH-ANB, was destroyed in a takeoff accident at Darwin Airport, NT (DRW), Australia. Both pilots were killed. An Embraer 120ER Brasilia turboprop plane, registered VH-ANB, was destroyed in a takeoff accident at Darwin Airport, NT (DRW), Australia. Both pilots were killed. Sustained substantial damage in a hard landing at Jeffersonville-Clark Regional Airport, IN (JVY). The left hand wing and underside of the aft fuselage were damaged.A Britten-Norman BN-2A-21 Islander passenger plane, registered N663SA, sustained substantial damage in an accident at Kodiak Airport, AK (ADQ). All three on board were injured.An Antonov 26B cargo plane sustained substantial damage in a forced landing accident Tallinn-Ülemiste Airport, Estonia following loss of engine power. One of the six occupants was injured.The BAe-125 was damaged in a runway excursion accident.The An-2 sustained substantial damage at Kielce-Maslów for a paradropping flight when the right main gear collapsed during the take-off run.A Boeing 727 operated by Hewa Bora Airways crashed on landing at Kisangani Airport (FKI), D.R. Congo. The airplane operated on a domestic flight from Kinshasa-N'Djili Airport (FIH) to Kisangani-Bangoka International Airport (FKI). Preliminary information from the DRC indicates that of the 115 persons on board, there were 77 fatalities, including the three flight crewmembers and two of the four cabin crew. An Ilyushin 76TD cargo plane, registered 4K-AZ55, was destroyed in an accident near Bagram Air Base, Afghanistan. The plane is said to have flown into the side of a mountain at about 12,500 feet (3,800 meters). A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan was destroyed when it crashed on takeoff from Pukatawagan Airport, MB (XPK), Canada. There were eight passengers on board and one pilot. One passenger was killed in the accident.A Tupolev 134A-3, registered RA-65691, was destroyed in an accident near Petrozavodsk Airport (PES), Russia. Forty-seven occupants died in the accident; five survived.A Dassault Falcon 10 corporate jet sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Toronto-Buttonville Airport, ON (YKZ), Canada. There was no fire, and the flight crew was not injured.The AN-2 sustained substantial damage when it was flipped upside down by severe winds at Vladikavkaz Airport (OGZ).A Beechcraft A100, N15L, operated by Dynamic Avlease Inc., was substantially damaged when it experienced an in-flight upset, while in cruise flight near Gray, Tennessee. The two certificated commercial pilots were not injured. Instrument meteorological conditions (IMC) prevailed and an instrument flight rules flight plan had been filed for the flight that departed Bridgewater Air Park, VA, destined for Wichita-Mid-Continent Airport, KS (ICT). A DC-6BF cargo plane sustained substantial damage in a belly landing at Cold Bay Airport, AK (CDB), USA. None of the four crew members were injured.A Britten-Norman BN-2B-26 Islander passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Helgoland Airport (HGL), Germany. There were no injuries.A CASA 235 maritime patrol aircraft, serial AN-204, sustained substantial damage in an accident at Manta Airport (MEC), Ecuador.An Antonov 26 cargo plane, operating on a flight for DHL, crashed into the sea just off the shore near Libreville Airport (LBV). The airplane came to rest submerged with the top of the tail sticking out of the water. All three crew members and single passenger, survived the accident.An Eclipse 500 jet, N168TT, sustained substantial damage during a go-around at the Nome Airport, Alaska. The commercial pilot and the sole passenger were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and an instrument flight rules flight plan was in effect. The flight originated from the Anadyr Airport, Russia.The plane made an emergency landing on a river bank at the edge of a forest because of technical problems. None of the 13 people on board was injured.he pilot was landing at a remote, private airstrip. He said the landing area was soft, and as the airplane touched down it veered to the left. His efforts to abort the landing with the runway remaining was unsuccessful. The airplane exited the right side of the landing area and collided with a fuel tank farm. The airplane sustained substantial damage to the right wing, aileron, and the fuselage. The pilot said there were no mechanical malfunctions with the airplane that would have precluded normal operation.An Embraer Phenom 100 corporate jet, N224MD, sustained substantial damage during a runway overrun during landing at the Sedona Airport (SEZ), Arizona. The captain, who was the flying pilot, and two of the three passengers were not injured. The first officer and one passenger sustained serious injuries. The airplane was registered to a private individual and operated by JetSuite. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed and an instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan was filed. The flight originated from San Jose, California, about 14:20 hours local time.A Boeing 707-321B aerial tanker plane, registered N707AR, was destroyed when it suffered a runway excursion accident on takeoff from Port Hueneme-Point Mugu NAS, CA (NTD). There were three crew members on board and all escaped unhurt. A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registration PT-OSG, was substantially damaged from impact and fire following an aborted takeoff at Barra do Vento Airport, Brazil. The pilot was seriously injured.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registration PT-OSG, was substantially damaged from impact and fire following an aborted takeoff at Barra do Vento Airport, Brazil. The pilot was seriously injured.An Antonov 2 biplane sustained substantial damage in a forced landing in the Sofiyivka Ipatovsk district, Russia. The pilot survived the accident.A Beechcraft B200 airplane, N786SR, sustained substantial damage during a collision with terrain about 11 km southwest of Atqasuk, Alaska, while on an instrument approach to the Atqasuk Airport. The airplane was operated by the North Slope Borough, Barrow, Alaska, as a instrument flight rules (IFR), public aircraft medical transport positioning flight. The airline transport pilot received minor injuries, and the two North Slope Borough medical personnel aboard received minor injuries. A Fokker F-27 transport plane was destroyed when it crashed in a residential area of Jakarta, Indonesia. All seven crew members were killed, as well as four persons on the ground.Grumman G.159 Gulfstream 1 passenger plane was destroyed in a landing accident at Pweto Airport (PWO), D.R. Congo. There were no fatalities.Grumman G.159 Gulfstream 1 passenger plane was destroyed in a landing accident at Pweto Airport (PWO), D.R. Congo. There were no fatalities.A Boeing 767-381ER passenger plane, JA610A, sustained substantial damage in a hard landing accident at Tokyo-Narita Airport (NRT), Japan.An ATR-42-320 passenger plane operated by Blue Islands suffered substantial damage in a landing accident at Jersey-States Airport, Channel Islands, U.K. Four passengers suffered minor injuries.A Hawker Siddeley HS-748 cargo plane was destroyed when it caught fire on the ground at Sandy Lake Airport, ON (ZSJ), Canada.A Beechcraft 400A Beechjet, registered N826JH, ran off the end of runway 20L after landing at DeKalb-Peachtree Airport, GA (PDK) and then went through a fence before coming to rest near Dresden Drive. The airplane sustained substantial damage, and the airline transport rated pilot and co-pilot sustained serious injuries, while the two passengers sustained minor injuries. An Antonov 2 biplane, RA-40312, was destroyed in an accident near Serov, Sverdlovsk region, Russia after being taken on an illegal flight. All thirteen on board were killed.A de Havilland Canada DHC-8-311 passenger plane, V2-LGH, was destroyed in a fire on the ground at Antigua-Coolidge International Airport (ANU).A Let L-410 skydiving plane was damaged beyond repair in an accident at Borodyanka, Ukraine. Five people were killed. Fifteen occupants survived.An ATR-42-500 passenger plane was destroyed in a fire at Prague, Czech Republic. One maintenance worker was injured.A Learjet 60 jet sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Aspen-Pitkin County Airport, CO (ASE). There were no injuries among the six passengers and two crew members.A Swearingen SA227AC Metro III cargo plane went missing over Rio de la Plata during a flight from Montevideo-Carrasco Airport (MVD) to Buenos Aires/Ezeiza, Argentina. The wreckage was located on July 20, 2012 in 8 feet deep water south off Isla de Flores. Both pilots were killed.The crew of a firefighting Lockheed SP-2H Neptune (Air Tanker mod.) N355MA, "Tanker 55", reported it was unable to lower its left main landing gear and force landed at Minden-Tahoe Airport, in western Nevada. That crew had been helping with efforts to fight the George Fire within the Giant Sequoia National Monument in California. When on approach to Porterville, California, A Lockheed  P2V-7 Neptune (Air Tanker mod.) N14447, coded "Tanker 11", under contract to the US Forest Service, crashed about 20 miles north of Modena, Iron County, Utah, during a fire fighting operation against the White Rock Fire in the Hamblin Valley Area.A Boeing 727-221F cargo plane suffered a runway excursion on landing at Accra-Kotoka Airport (ACC), Ghana. An Embraer EMB-135KL, registration N834AE, operated by American Eagle Airlines as flight 4265, experienced substantial damage to the rudder and vertical stabilizer when it was struck by a Boeing 747-400, registration B-16481, operated by EVA Air as flight 661, while the 747 was taxiing at Chicago O’Hare International Airport (ORD), IL. The Embraer was entering the ramp area and awaiting ground personnel to guide it to gate G20. The tail section was protruding into taxiway A. The 747 was taxiing westbound on taxiway A in the vicinity of A12 when the right wingtip contacted the Embraer's rudder and vertical stabilizer. There was minor wingtip and slat damage to the 747. There were no injuries to the 3 crew and 18 passengers on the Embraer or the 3 crew on the 747.A McDonnell Douglas MD-83 passenger plane, 5N-RAM, operated by Dana Air was destroyed when it crashed into a residential area of Lagos, Nigeria. All 147 passengers and six crew members were killed. There were 6 ground fatalities.An Embraer EMB-135KL, registration N834AE, operated by American Eagle Airlines as flight 4265, experienced substantial damage to the rudder and vertical stabilizer when it was struck by a Boeing 747-400, registration B-16481, operated by EVA Air as flight 661, while the 747 was taxiing at Chicago O’Hare International Airport (ORD), IL. The Embraer was entering the ramp area and awaiting ground personnel to guide it to gate G20. The tail section was protruding into taxiway A. The 747 was taxiing westbound on taxiway A in the vicinity of A12 when the right wingtip contacted the Embraer's rudder and vertical stabilizer. There was minor wingtip and slat damage to the 747. There were no injuries to the 3 crew and 18 passengers on the Embraer or the 3 crew on the 747.A Cessna 208B Super Cargomaster skydiving plane sustained substantial damage in an accident at Lézignan-Corbières Airport. The pilot was not injured.A Cessna 208B Super Cargomaster skydiving plane sustained substantial damage in an accident at Lézignan-Corbières Airport. The pilot was not injured.The Canadair CC-144A Challenger 600 jet suffered a birdstrike with a large turkey vulture while on approach to MacDill AFB, FL (MCF). A Boeing 737-400 passenger jet, registration PK-CJV, was damaged in a runway excursion accident at Pontianak, Indonesia. There were 163 passengers on board. A de Havilland Canada DHC-3T Texas Turbine Otter crashed during takeoff from runway 25 at Soldotna Airport, AK (SXQ), killing all ten on board. The plane crashed with its right wing down and nose low and came to rest 2,320 feet from the threshold of the runway, in a grassy area 154 feet to the right of the runway centreline. A fire destroyed much of the aircraft.A Boeing 777-200 passenger jet, operated by Asiana Airlines, was destroyed in a landing accident at San Francisco International Airport, CA (SFO). There were 291 passengers and 16 crew members on board. Three passengers died and 48 were seriously injured.A Rockwell 65, registered XB-RSC, sustained substantial damage following a reported loss of control while taxiing at Las Vegas-McCarran International Airport, NV (LAS). The captain, first officer and four passengers were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed and instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan was filed for the personal flight which originated from Brownsville, TX at about 17:55.An Airbus A320-212 of Petra Airlines sustained substantial damage in a ground mishap at Tripoli Airport, Libya. On the day before the accident, the flight crew had completed 53 water-drop flights at a forest fire located northeast of Wabush, Newfoundland and Labrador. Each flight, typically about 3 minutes long, consisted of scooping water from Moosehead Lake, dropping the water on the fire, and then returning for another water scoop. The aircraft collided with an impala during the landing roll. Damage to the left propeller. No fire and no injuries to the occupants.The aircraft collided with an impala during the landing roll. Damage to the left propeller. No fire and no injuries to the occupants.An Antonov 2 biplane was destroyed in an accident near Terenozek, Kyzylorda Province, Kazakhstan. There were two crew members on board; one died.An Antonov 2 biplane sustained substantial damage in a forced landing near Nekrasovka, Russia. Five if the nine occupants were injured.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air turboprop plane, N92JR, sustained substantial damage in a forced landing accident on a road near Chicago-Executive Airport, IL (PWK). The pilot sustained minor injuries.Damaged in forced landing shortly after takeoff. The biplane nosed down in a wheat field.Crashed near Lake Komsomolskoy. Two bodies were found; the third occupant is presumed dead.The HS-125-F400A corporate jet was damaged beyond repair after being struck by a Rockwell Sabreliner 80, N3RP (msn 380-42), that was taxiing on the ramp at Fort Lauderdale-Executive Airport, Florida.The Sabreliner 40A N430MP was damaged beyond repair after being struck by another Sabreliner jet (N3RP, msn 380-42) that suffered a hydraulic system failure during taxy at Fort Lauderdale-Executive Airport, Florida.The Sabreliner was inactive since October 2007, due to extensive maintenance to repair corrosion. The pilot and co-pilot were assigned by the operator to move the airplane to its home base at Hernando County Airport (BKV), Brooksville, Florida.The Cessna 525 CitationJet CJ1 N102PT was parked in a hangar at Augusta State Airport, ME (AUG) in the morning, at the pilot's request. However, the airline that used the hangar needed to house a plane. Since they had priority, the Citation was taken out of the hangar about 16:30 and moved back to the ramp area. While the airplane was on the ramp, the weather condition had turned from light snow to freezing rain. The pilot and her passenger arrived at the airport about 17:15. About 1730, the airplane's engines were started and the airplane was observed taxing. The FBO representative heard the pilot's announcements over the radio in the FBO. He also noticed the airplane was not on the taxiway, but on the grass area on the south side of the asphalt taxiway. At that time the ground was covered with snow and ice. The FBO representative noted the pilot did not activate the airport's taxi and runways lights via the common airport frequency radio channel. It was observed that the airplane taxied through a ditch, which was covered with ice and snow. The airplane's engines were heard at a high rate of power about this time. It was later discovered that the airplane's left main tire broke through the ice and became stuck in the ditch. The airplane continued on the grass area after the high engine power was heard. The FBO representative heard the pilot announce the wrong runway (runway 35) that she was planning to depart from. The FBO representative turned on the runway and taxi lights after hearing the incorrect runway announcement. The pilot later announced a change of departure from runway 35 to runway 17, while the airplane was observed back taxing on runway 26 onto taxiway "C". About 17:45 the airplane took off from runway 17.The 727 departed La Paz on a domestic service to Cobija (CIJ). Bad weather at the destination forced the crew to divert to Trinidad (TDD). Reports indicate that the crew carried out a forced landing in an Amazon jungle clearing just short of the airport, possibly as a result of fuel exhaustion.The plane skidded off the left side of the runway and hit a group of people waiting nearby, killing one and injuring two others.Overran runway 13L at Bogotá (BOG). The left hand main gear collapsed.Fuselage punctured by a ground service vehicle. The DC-9 was withdrawn from use and broken up in March, 2008.The pilot attempted to land and flare with flaps 15 instead of flaps 30. The airplane sustained a significant tailstrike.The brakes on an An-12 failed as it taxied to the apron at Pointe Noire Airport (PNR). It could not be stopped and ran into a parked Boeing 727 (9L-LEF). Both aircraft sustained considerable damage.The An-12's brakes failed as it taxied to the apron at Pointe Noire Airport (PNR). It could not be stopped and ran into a parked Boeing 727 (9L-LEF). Both aircraft sustained considerable damage.A Casa 212-200 aircraft, registered PK-VSE, was being operated by Dirgantara Air Service as a cargo charter flight from Tarakan Airport (TRK)to Long Apung Airport (LPU), Indonesia. There were three persons on board; two pilots and one aircraft maintenance engineer/load master. The DC-3 was substantially damaged during a landing accident at the Teresita Airport. The Polish CASA C-295M transport aircraft departed Warsaw (WAW) at 16:51 on a flight to Kraków (KRK), through Powidz AB, Poznán-Krzesiny AB, Miroslawiec AB, and Swidwin AB. The plane was carrying 36 attendees, returning from the 50th Annual Aviation Safety Conference held in Warsaw. The airplane crashed into a mountain during an approach to land at Huambo Airport (NOV), Angola. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed. The pilot, copilot and eleven passengers were fatally injured. The airplane was destroyed and there was ground fire.Following an uneventful flight (BA38) from Beijing, China, the aircraft was established on an ILS approach to runway 27L at London Heathrow. Initially the approach progressed normally, with the Autopilot and Autothrottle engaged, until the aircraft was at a height of approximately 600 ft and 2 miles from touch down. The aircraft then descended rapidly and struck the ground, some 1,000 ft short of the paved runway surface, just inside the airfield boundary fence. The aircraft stopped on the very beginning of the paved surface of runway 27L. During the short ground roll the right main landing gear separated from the wing and the left main landing gear was pushed up through the wing root. A significant amount of fuel leaked from the aircraft but there was no fire. An emergency evacuation via the slides was supervised by the cabin crew and all occupants left the aircraft, some receiving minor injuries.Flew into the side of a wooded mountain in foggy weather conditions.Alpine Air flight AIP253 departed Honolulu (HNL) at 04:43 carrying about 4,200 pounds of mail on a regularly scheduled flight to Kauai, Lihue (LIH).An Airbus A319-114, N349NB, operated by Northwest Airlines as flight NW853, experienced an engine fan cowling separation while on approach to land on runway 27R at the Detroit Metro Airport (DTW), Michigan. The pilot, co-pilot, 3 flight attendants, and 68 passengers on board were not injured. The airplane received substantial damage. The flight originated from New York-LaGuardia Airport (LGA), at 06:18.While descending for Los Roques, the pilot radioed that both engines had failed. At that moment he was at 3000 feet, 64 nm from Caracas on the 024 degrees radial. It seems the pilot attempted to ditch in the Los Roques archipelago.Ditched following engine problems. The Islander was en route to evacuate a mother and her child to a hospital.An Iran Air Fokker 100 was damaged beyond repair when it crashed on takeoff from Tehran-Mehrabad Airport (THR), Iran. Four crew members and seven passengers sustained serious injuries.On approach to Samedan Airport (SMV), the crew did not obtain three greens. The nosegear did not appear locked down. After a go around it was established from another aircraft that the nosegear was down. A normal approach was then carried out. Upon landing the nosegear retracted and the pilot lost directional control of the airplane. It turned left, departed the runway and collided with a snow bank.Fokker 100 F-GMPG arrived at Pau (PUF) at 10:37 after a flight from Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG). The airplane was to return to Paris as Air France flight 7775. After startup the crew were cleared to taxi to runway 13 for departure. Takeoff clearance was given at 11:25:15. A few seconds later TOGA power was selected. At 11:26:00 the crew noticed birds in the vicinity. The takeoff roll was normal and the airplane lifted off the runway at 11:26:08 at a speed of 128 kts. Immediately after takeoff, it banked suddenly to the left with a maximum bank angle of 35 degrees. The aural "Bank Angle" alarm sounded on the flight deck. The airplane then banked to the right with a maximum bank angle of 67 degrees. After a second left bank (59 degrees) an aural alarm "Don't Sink" sounded. The airplane had reached a height of 107 feet. At 11:26:21 the airplane bounced after the right main landing gear had touched the ground. The captain decided to abort the takeoff. The speed at that time was 160 kts. Engine power was reduced and the Fokker contacted the ground again at 11:26:27, near the end and to the right of runway 13. The thrust reversers were briefly deployed. The airplane ran 340 m, collided with the perimeter fence. Upon crossing a road, the left main landing gear struck the cabin of a truck, killing the driver. Both main gears were sheared off as the airplane struck a slope past the road. It continued into a field and came to rest at 11:26:49.While climbing through 24,000 feet, CRJ200's No. 1 engine experienced a fan disk separation, which resulted in the separation of the inlet, fan rotor assembly, the fan containment case, and portions of the thrust reverser.A Canadair CRJ200ER passenger jet, registration EC-IBM, was on a scheduled passenger flight operated by Air Nostrum, with call sign ANS-8665, from Valladolid Airport (VLL) to Barcelona Airport (BCN). Onboard the aircraft were 40 passengers and a crew of 4.Freight Runners Express flight 1509, a Beech 99, landed at Milwaukee runway 25L after a flight from Stevens Point. The pilot advised the tower controller that he would be able to taxi off runway 25L at the A2 taxiway. The local controller instructed the Beech 99 to "turn right alpha two and ah monitor ground point eight and taxi to the cargo ramp." The Beech pilot reported that he slowed to taxi speed, turned off the strobes and landing light and deice equipment, turned onto taxiway A2 and reached for the radio to tune ground. He then heard a thump, and saw the no. 2 engine engulfed in flame. He reported that he thought he had an engine fire so he shut off the firewall shutoff valve. The fire continued to spread on the right side of the airplane, so he shut down the left engine and began to evacuate the airplane. Cargo blocked the cargo exit door and the fuselage emergency exit, so he egressed through the cockpit crew window.The purpose of the flight was to pick up a patient at Butler County (BTP) for a subsequent air ambulance transportation flight. The airplane was being flown by the copilot, who was seated in the left seat. At 08:59, the airplane was cleared for the ILS approach to runway 08, a 4,801 foot-long, 100 foot-wide, grooved, asphalt runway. The airplane was being manually flown by the copilot; who stated that the landing approach speed was 106 knots. She recalled being "a little fast" on the approach; however, she reduced the engine power to slow down. An eyewitness stated that the airplane appeared "high and fast" as it crossed over the runway threshold. The airplane touched down about halfway down the runway, and continued off the departure end. It then struck a wooden localizer antenna platform, and the airport perimeter fence, before crossing a road, and coming to rest about 400 feet from the end of the runway.The plane was hijacked by the unidentified Sudanese man carrying an AK-47 rifle 30 minutes after takeoff. He demanded to be flown to Chad. He surrendered after landing at N'Djamena and requested asylum from the French embassy.Shortly after takeoff a 26-year-old man jumped up. He carried a bottle of liquid and said if the water touched the lid, it would explode. He also claimed to be a member of al-Qaeda. The flight continued to Johannesburg. When the plane stopped in a secure area far from the terminal, the man insisted on speaking to a police officer. When police boarded the plane, the man was tackled and arrested.The F-27 was parked at Coventry (CVT) when the tail section was blown into a hangar during stormy weather. The nose section struck ground equipment. The airplane was withdrawn from use and stripped off parts at Coventry.A storm (Hurricane Kyrill) blew Antonov 2 SP-FIN upside down and on top of another An-2, SP-AOA, crushing its tail. SP-AOA sustained serious damage to the tail, right hand wings and top centre fuselage.A storm (Hurricane Kyrill) blew Antonov 2 SP-FIN upside down and on top of another An-2, SP-AOA, crushing its tail. SP-AOA sustained serious damage to the tail, right hand wings and top centre fuselage.The Douglas C-54 N82FA departed Fairbanks, carrying 3000 gallons of heating fuel for the Nixon Fork Mine. En route the no. 2 engine started running rough. The pilot elected to shut it down and return to Fairbanks. During the shutdown procedure, the engine caught fire. The fire extinguishing system was activated.The Boeing 737 operated on a flight on behalf of the Malaysian postal services, departing Kuala Lumpur (KUL) around 04:00. Upon landing the airplane skidded off the side of the runway, coming to rest in the grass, about 1,500 m from the runway threshold. One engine and the main gear had separated.The CitationJet took off from Van Nuys (VNY) runway 34L to pick up two passengers at Long Beach (LGB). Witnesses near the end of the runway said that the front left baggage door was open, and standing straight up. The airplane was about 200 feet agl.The airplane was substantially damaged during an in-flight recovery after the captain attempted an intentional aileron roll maneuver during cruise flight and lost control. The captain reported the airplane was "functioning normally" prior to the intentional aileron roll maneuver. The captain stated that the "intentional roll maneuver got out of control" while descending through flight level 200. The captain reported that the airplane "over sped" and experienced "excessive G-loads" during the subsequent recovery. The copilot reported that the roll maneuver initiated by the captain resulted in a "nose-down unusual attitude" and a "high speed dive." Inspection of the airplane showed substantial damage to the left wing and elevator assembly.Ameristar flight 878 departed Laredo (LRD) at 22:10. At about 23:13, radar contact was established with Guadalajara Approach Control and the flight was cleared to descend from FL260 to FL240. About 10 seconds later the flight was cleared to descend to 12,000 feet, was provided an altimeter setting of 30.28 inches, and was told to expect radar vectors for the ILS 28 approach. At 23:18, the flight was given a right turn to a heading of 120 degrees. At 23:20:38, the flight was cleared to descend to 9,000 feet. The airplane was last observed on radar descending through 9,200 feet, when the airplane was crossing the GDL VOR 085 degree radial. The Learjet impacted terrain.Peace Air Ltd. Flight PE905 departed Grande Prairie (CYQU) at 10:40 MST on the first leg of a scheduled run to Fort St. John (CYXJ), Fort Nelson, BC, and Grande Prairie. An Antonov 26 passenger plane was destroyed in an accident near Balad Air Base, Iraq. Of the 30 passengers and five crew members one passenger survived the accident.Transwest Air Flight 350 (TW350), a Beechcraft A100 King Air, registration C-GFFN, departed La Ronge, Saskatchewan, at 19:30 under instrument flight rules to Sandy Bay, with two flight crew members and two emergency medical technicians aboard. At 19:48, air traffic control cleared TW350 out of controlled airspace via the Sandy Bay runway 05 non-directional beacon approach. The crew flew the approach straight-in to runway 05 and initiated a go-around from the landing flare. The aircraft did not maintain a positive rate of climb during the go-around and collided with trees just beyond the departure end of the runway. All four occupants survived the impact and evacuated the aircraft. The captain died of his injuries before rescuers arrived. Both emergency medical technicians were seriously injured, and the first officer received minor injuries. The aircraft sustained substantial damage from impact forces and was subsequently destroyed by a post-impact fire.Lion Air Flight JT 793 departed from Makasar Airport (Ujung Pandang), Sulawesi at 06:36 bound for Jakarta (CGK). The co-pilot was the handling pilot for the sector.An Ilyushin 76T cargo plane, registered S9-SAB, was destroyed when it crashed into Lake Victoria, shortly after takeoff from Entebbe Airport (EBB), Uganda. All four crew members and seven passengers were killed in the accident.Crashed shortly after takeoff from the Lop Buri Air Base. Local media report the airplane suffered engine problems. The airplane crashed, shearing off the entire left hand wing.A National Aeronautical Laboratories Saras prototype, an Indian designed light civilian transport aircraft, registered VT-XRM, was destroyed in a accident during a test flight. All three crew members were killed.A National Aeronautical Laboratories Saras prototype, an Indian designed light civilian transport aircraft, registered VT-XRM, was destroyed in a accident during a test flight. All three crew members were killed.Perimeter Flight PAG 640, a Metro II with 2 crew and 8 passengers, was on approach to runway 18 at Winnipeg after a flight from St. Theresa Point when the crew carried out a missed approach due to landing gear problems. The right main gear would not extend in the down and locked position. The crew attempted a landing with the right main gear up and possibly hoped to free the gear to extend, however, this was unsuccessful and they subsequently elected to land gear up on their second approach. The aircraft landed successfully on its belly and came to a stop on the runway. The aircraft landed between Taxiways P and Q and all 10 occupants were evacuated and were transported to the hospital as a precaution. There were no obvious injuries and there was no fire after landing. The aircraft sustained substantial damage to its propellers, flaps and aft belly area. Inspection by TSB indicated that the inboard right main landing gear door partially hung up on the wheel well structure, preventing the extension of the landing gear. The reason for the gear door interference is under investigation.A Beechcraft 100 King Air, YV2129, operated by Command Air C.A., was destroyed when it impacted mountainous terrain near San Miguel, Trujillo, Venezuela. The two pilots and four passengers, all Venezuelan citizens, were fatally injured. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed. The flight was operating on a visual flight rules flight plan from Charallave to Valera.A Saab 2000 aircraft belonging to Carpatair was involved in a landing accident at Timisoara Airport, Romania.Turkish Airlines Flight TK1951, a Boeing 737-800, departed Istanbul-Atatürk International Airport (IST) for a flight to Amsterdam-Schiphol International Airport (AMS), The Netherlands. The flight crew consisted of three pilots: a line training captain who occupied the left seat, a first officer under line training in the right seat and an additional first officer who occupied the flight deck jump seat. The first officer under line training was the pilot flying. The en route part of the flight was uneventful.A Lockheed C-130 transport plane, operated by the Egyptian Air Force, sustained substantial damage when it crashed during a night-time touch-and-go.Before departure from a local airfield near Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan the An-2 was fueled with 900 kg (1200 liters) unleaded gasoline "Premium Euro-95". On board the aircraft was some cargo (a spare wheel, tools, etc.), with a total mass of 415 kg. The takeoff weight (5120 kg) and centre of gravity (26,3% MAC) were within limits.Before departure from a local airfield near Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan the An-2 was fueled with 900 kg (1200 liters) unleaded gasoline "Premium Euro-95". On board the aircraft was some cargo (a spare wheel, tools, etc.), with a total mass of 415 kg. The takeoff weight (5120 kg) and centre of gravity (26,3% MAC) were within limits.The Aerolift Antonov 12 cargo plane operated on a ferry flight to Nikolaev Airport (NLV), Ukraine. The airplane is reported to have left Kisangani (FKI), D.R.Congo with Entebbe (EBB), Uganda and Luxor (LXR), Egypt as planned refueling stops. Five crewmembers were on board - two Ukrainian citizens, two Belarusians and a Russian. The Douglas DC-3C Basler turbo-conversion aircraft was on a training flight out of Palanquero-German Olano Air Base (PQE). The airplane crashed in the vicinity of the air base.The Cessna Grand Caravan overran the runway and struck a ditch. The airplane sustained damage to the propeller and underside of the fuselage.A HESA IrAn-140-100 turboprop plane was destroyed when it crashed during a training flight near Isfahan/Shahin Shahr-Hesa Air Base (IFH). All five crew members were killed.A CASA 212 twin-engine airplane, N440RA, sustained substantial damage when it collided with terrain west of the Kotzebue-Ralph Wien Memorial Airport, AK (OTZ).A BA CityFlyer Avro RJ100 was substantially damaged during a landing accident at London City Airport (LCY). The 71 occupants evacuated the aircraft using emergency slides. The Falcon 100 took off from Vienna (VIE) at 15:06 on a flight to Samedan (SMV). The aircraft touched down left of centreline with the right wing first, then with right main gear. The aircraft drifted to the left and touched with the left wing a snow wall at the runway edge. The aircraft nose hit the snow wall frontally. The aircraft turned to the left and broke into two parts.A BAe 3102 Jetstream 31 passenger plane, SX-SKY, sustained substantial damage in a landing gear collapse at Heraklion-N. Kazantzakis Airport (HER), Greece. A BAe 3102 Jetstream 31 passenger plane, SX-SKY, sustained substantial damage in a landing gear collapse at Heraklion-N. Kazantzakis Airport (HER), Greece. A main landing gear strut broke on landing. A fire erupted, destroying the aircraft. The aircraft operated on behalf of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP).A main landing gear strut broke on landing. A fire erupted, destroying the aircraft. The aircraft operated on behalf of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP).The flight DR8177 departed Dakar, Senegal at 17:35 UTC on a passenger service to Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, France. A Cessna 650 Citation III corporate jet was destroyed in an accident near Trigorial, 11 km west-southwest of Roma-Ciampino Airport (CIA), Italy. Both crew members were killed.A Cessna 650 Citation III corporate jet was destroyed in an accident near Trigorial, 11 km west-southwest of Roma-Ciampino Airport (CIA), Italy. Both crew members were killed.After touching down on runway 03, the aircraft couldn't be sufficiently decelerated, so it came to a stop approximately 30 m beyond the runway end in the snow and 90° off the runway direction. The aircraft was on the way from Warsaw to Samedan.A Nigerian Air Force Alenia/Aeritalia G-222 transport plane sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Port Harcourt Airport (PHC).The Learjet 35A was chartered to transport a patient from the United States to Rio de Janeiro. The flight departed Palm Beach, Florida on March 7 and made refueling stops at Aguadilla, Puerto Rico and Manaus, Brazil.A Boeing 737-247, operated by Air Tanzania, suffered substantial damage in a landing accident at Mwanza Airport (MWZ), Tanzania.A Boeing 737-247, operated by Air Tanzania, suffered substantial damage in a landing accident at Mwanza Airport (MWZ), Tanzania.An Airbus A300 cargo plane, reportedly registered TC-ACB, suffered a landing mishap at Bagram Air Base (BPM), Afghanistan. It came to rest on the left runway shoulder of runway 03, approximately 500 ft north of taxiway Charlie and just south of the 3000 feet remaining distance marker.A Cessna 208B, N892FE, struck a bird while on approach to Sacramento International Airport, CA (SMF). The commercial pilot, the sole occupant, was not injured. The airplane sustained substantial damage to the right wing. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed and an instrument flight plan was in effect. A Cessna 208B, N207DR, sustained substantial damage during impact with terrain following takeoff from Kwigillingok Airport, Alaska. The airline transport pilot and his seven passengers were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the flight, which was originating at the time of the accident. The intended destination was Kipnuk, Alaska, and a company flight plan had been filed.An Fokker 100 passenger plane, registered XA-SHJ, was damaged in an emergency landing at Monterrey-General Mariano Escobedo Airport (MTY), Mexico. None of the 92 passengers and four crew members were hurt.A Cessna 550B Citation Bravo corporate jet, registered OK-ACH, was destroyed in an accident in the area of the Großer Zschirnstein Mountain. Both pilots were killed.An ATR-42-300 turboprop plane, registered PK-YRP, was damaged in a forced landing in a rice field near Balikpapan-Sepingan Airport (BPN), Indonesia.The MD-81 took off from Copenhagen Airport, Denmark at 17:34 hours local time. At around 18:53 local time, the crew began the descent for an ILS approach to runway 09 at Grenoble Airport, France.Heavy snowfall in the Washington region caused hangars of the Dulles Jet Center (DJC) at Washington-Dulles International Airport, DC (IAD) to collapse. The roofs of hangars A, B, and C came down, crumpling under the weight of nearly two feet of snow. Hangar D was damaged, but all four planes inside were safe.Heavy snowfall in the Washington region caused hangars of the Dulles Jet Center (DJC) at Washington-Dulles International Airport, DC (IAD) to collapse. The roofs of hangars A, B, and C came down, crumpling under the weight of nearly two feet of snow. Hangar D was damaged, but all four planes inside were safe.Heavy snowfall in the Washington region caused hangars of the Dulles Jet Center (DJC) at Washington-Dulles International Airport, DC (IAD) to collapse. The roofs of hangars A, B, and C came down, crumpling under the weight of nearly two feet of snow. Hangar D was damaged, but all four planes inside were safe.Heavy snowfall in the Washington region caused hangars of the Dulles Jet Center (DJC) at Washington-Dulles International Airport, DC (IAD) to collapse. The roofs of hangars A, B, and C came down, crumpling under the weight of nearly two feet of snow. Hangar D was damaged, but all four planes inside were safe.Heavy snowfall in the Washington region caused hangars of the Dulles Jet Center (DJC) at Washington-Dulles International Airport, DC (IAD) to collapse. The roofs of hangars A, B, and C came down, crumpling under the weight of nearly two feet of snow. Hangar D was damaged, but all four planes inside were safe.Heavy snowfall in the Washington region caused hangars of the Dulles Jet Center (DJC) at Washington-Dulles International Airport, DC (IAD) to collapse. The roofs of hangars A, B, and C came down, crumpling under the weight of nearly two feet of snow. Hangar D was damaged, but all four planes inside were safe.Heavy snowfall in the Washington region caused hangars of the Dulles Jet Center (DJC) at Washington-Dulles International Airport, DC (IAD) to collapse. The roofs of hangars A, B, and C came down, crumpling under the weight of nearly two feet of snow. Hangar D was damaged, but all four planes inside were safe.Heavy snowfall in the Washington region caused hangars of the Dulles Jet Center (DJC) at Washington-Dulles International Airport, DC (IAD) to collapse. The roofs of hangars A, B, and C came down, crumpling under the weight of nearly two feet of snow. Hangar D was damaged, but all four planes inside were safe.An Antonov 24RV passenger plane, registered RA-47360, sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Yakutsk Airport (YKS), Russia. Flight SYL425 to Olekminsk fell back on the runway on its belly when the engineer retracted the undercarriage prematurely.The C-130 transport plane made a forced landing at Mazar-I-Sharif Airport (MZR), Afghanistan. The airframe had been subjected to severe stresses in-flight causing the separation of both elevators and part of the right hand main gear door. The fuselage at the wing root was severely distorted on both sides of the airplane.A Yakovlev 40 passenger jet, registered D2-FES, sustained substantial damage during a belly landing at Luanda-4 de Fevereiro Airport (LAD), Angola. All 34 passengers and three crew members survived. The accident happened on runway 25An Antonov 26B cargo aircraft, registered 4L-IFE, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident upon landing at Wamena Airport (WMX), Indonesia. None of the three crew members were injured. Fuel tank imploded.A GAF N22B Nomad plane, operated by the Philippine Air Force, was destroyed when it crashed in a residential area shortly after takeoff from Cotabato-Awang Airport (CBO). The pilot was trying to perform an emergency landing after a suspected engine failure. The airplane crashed in Virgo Subdivision in Rosary Heights 9, killing a woman on the ground.An Embraer EMB-110C Bandeirante passenger plane, registered PT-TAF and operated by Piquiatuba Táxi Aéreo, was damaged when it crashed while on approach to Senador José Porfírio-Wilma Rebelo Airfield, Brazil. The captain and one of the passengers were killed. The co-pilot and seven passengers survived.A Boeing 737-8AS(WL) passenger jet, registered ET-ANB, was destroyed in an accident 6 km southwest off Beirut International Airport (BEY), Lebanon. All 82 passengers and eight crew members were killed. The airplane operated on Ethiopian Airlines flight ET409 from Beirut International Airport (BEY) to Addis Ababa-Bole Airport (ADD).A Tupolev 154M passenger plane, operated by Taban Air, was destroyed in an accident at Mashhad Airport (MHD), Iran. There were 157 passengers and 13 crew members on board. Some 46 passengers were injured. The Fokker 50 sustained substantial damage in a maintenance accident at Rotterdam/The Hague Airport (RTM), the Netherlands. The main undercarriage folded during pre-departure maintenance.A Xian MA60 passenger plane, PK-MZK, was destroyed in an accident near Kaimana Airport (KNG), Indonesia. The airplane carried 19 passengers and six crew members. All on board were killed in the accident.A BAe-125-700A corporate jet ended up in the waters of the Bahía de Loreto, Mexico. Media reports suggest that the jet had just departed Loreto International Airport, when the crew requested to ATC an immediate return due to mechanical issues. The aircraft reportedly overran runway 16 and ended up 20 yards into the bay.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan passenger plane, registered VT-NES, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Lengpui Airport (AJL), India.A Cessna 208B cargo plane, registered N208TF, sustained substantial damage in an accident at El Paso International Airport, TX (ELP). A Cessna 208B cargo plane, registered N208TF, sustained substantial damage in an accident at El Paso International Airport, TX (ELP). A Boeing 777-F6N cargo plane, operated by China Cargo Airlines, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Copenhangen, Denmark.Following an uneventful flight from Antigua-V.C. Bird International Airport (ANU), the aircraft made an approach to runway 10 at John A. Osborne Airport, Montserrat. After a normal touchdown the pilot applied the brakes and noticed that there was no resistance from the right brake pedal. While maintaining directional control with the rudder pedals the pilot tried to "pump" the brake pedals but this had no effect on the right brakes. To avoid departing the end of the runway the pilot applied left brake and allowed the aircraft to veer left onto the grass just beyond the taxiway exit. The aircraft struck an embankment located 20 m north of the runway edge, about 150 m from the end of the runway. The impact, which was estimated by the pilot to be at about 10 kt, resulted in damage to the nose structure and caused the nose landing gear leg to collapse. The left wing tip leading edge was also damaged when it struck the embankment.A Yakovlev 40K passenger jet, registered RA-88241, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Ust-Kamchatsk Airport, Russia. None of the 21 passengers and five crew were injured.An Airbus A330-203 sustained substantial damage in a hard landing accident at Caracas-Simón Bolívar International Airport (CCS), Venezuela. There were no injuries among the 202 passengers and 13 crew members.An Antonov 2, N122AN, was substantially damaged following a loss of engine power and forced landing near Loxley, Alabama. The certificated commercial pilot and two passengers were not injured. The flight originated from Fort Walton Beach, Florida (DTS), about 11:18, and was destined for De Ridder, LA (DRI).A CRJ-100ER passenger plane, operating on a United Nations flight, was destroyed in an accident at Kinshasa-N'Djili Airport (FIH), Democratic Republic of the Congo. The airplane carried 29 passengers and four crew members. One passenger survived the accident.A Gulfstream G650 jet was damaged beyond repair in a takeoff accident at Roswell International Air Center Airport, NM (ROW). The two pilots and the two flight test engineers were fatally injured.Southwest Airlines Flight 812, from Phoenix-Sky Harbor International Airport, AZ (PHX) to Sacramento International Airport, CA (SMF), diverted to Yuma International Airport, AZ (YUM) after experiencing a rapid depressurization at approximately 34,000 feet. Southwest Airlines Flight 812, from Phoenix-Sky Harbor International Airport, AZ (PHX) to Sacramento International Airport, CA (SMF), diverted to Yuma International Airport, AZ (YUM) after experiencing a rapid depressurization at approximately 34,000 feet. A de Havilland Canada DHC-3T Turbo Otter was destroyed in an accident 56 km northeast of Mayo, YT, Canada. The pilot, who was the sole occupant, sustained fatal injuries. Nosed over on landing near Dibrova (Malyn District of the Zhytomyrs'ka Region) and caught fire, both crew members escaped unhurt.A Cessna Citation II jet plane went missing during a survey flight out of Korla, China, with three crew members on board.A Falcon 10 business jet, N303FZ, was substantially damaged when it departed the runway during landing at Clark Regional Airport (KJVY), Indiana. The captain, first officer, and sole passenger were not injured. An Airbus A-300-600F airplane, N173UP, registered to United Parcel Service, and operated as flight 797, a domestic cargo flight from El Paso, Texas, struck its tail during a go-around following an attempted landing in Albuquerque, New Mexico. An Antonov 12 cargo plane was destroyed when it crashed in the Mvoumvou residential area of Pointe-Noire, Congo. The airplane was turning to finals for runway 17 when it veered off the approach path. The pilot attempted a right curve to align the airplane with the runway. At that moment the An-12 rolled over to the right and came down inverted. It struck several houses and burst into flames.A Convair CV-580 cargo plane sustained substantial damage in a ground accident at Seattle-Boeing Field International Airport, WA (BFI). The airplane was preparing for departure to Calgary (YYC), Canada when it ran into a fence. It sustained damage to the nose and one of the propellers separated.During the 2011 Libyan civil war several aircraft parked at Benghazi-Benina International Airport (BEN) were damaged. These included:During the 2011 Libyan civil war several aircraft parked at Benghazi-Benina International Airport (BEN) were damaged. These included:A Russian Air Force Antonov 30B aircraft was destroyed when it suffered a runway excursion at Cáslav Air Base, Czech Republic. On board were 23 people, 14 Russians and 9 members of the Czech Armed Forces. Five Russian and one Czech soldier sustained injuries in the accident.An Antonov 2T biplane sustained substantial damage in a fire on the ground at Gödöllõ Airfield, Hungary. No one was injured.A Shorts 360, N617FB, was substantially damaged following a wheel brake fire during taxi at the George Bush Intercontinental Airport, Houston, Texas. The airline transport pilot and commercial co-pilot were not injured. The airplane was taxiing to position for takeoff from runway 8R and its intended destination was Austin, Texas.An ATR-72-212A passenger plane sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at München-Franz Josef Strauss Airport (MUC), Germany. There were 58 passengers and four crew members on board. One passenger sustained minor injuries.A de Havilland DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft, registered P2-MCZ, departed Port Moresby-Jackson's Airport at 01:40 UTC for Sasereme. It was a regular public transport flight that had been planned to refuel at Sasereme and continue to Balimo and on to Daru. For the flight to Sasereme, the pilot in command (PIC) was the support/monitoring pilot, and the copilot was the handling pilot. The aircraft arrived over the Saserema airstrip at 02:40. While en-route, the crew was informed by the company flight operations staff that it had been raining at Sasereme throughout the previous night until morning, but the prevailing weather was fine.A Dornier Do 228 passenger plane, 9N-AIG, was destroyed when it struck the side of a mountain during near Jomsom, Nepal. Thirteen passengers and two pilots were killed. The flight attendant and five passengers survived the accident.A Convair CV-580 cargo plane, N171FL, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Guatemala City-La Aurora Airport (GUA), Guatemala.A Sukhoi Superjet 100 passenger plane was destroyed when it struck the side of a mountain during a demonstration flight over Indonesia. All 45 on board were killed. An Airbus A300B4-605R, TC-OAG, sustained damage in a nosegear-up landing at Jeddah International Airport (JED), Saudi Arabia. There were no injuries.A Royal Thai Air Force (RTAF) ATR-72-212A (ATR-72-500) aircraft of 1st Air Division/6th Wing, 603sq, (serial L16-2/52, code 60314), sustained damage in a landing accident at Dhaka-Shahjalal International Airport (DAC).An Antonov 24 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Galkayo Airport (GLK), Somalia.An Antonov 24 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Galkayo Airport (GLK), Somalia.A former Champion Air Boeing 727-200, with Mexican registration XB-MNP, crashed at Laguna Salada, west of the San Felipe-Mexicali Highway, in a tv crash test experiment.The An-2 spray plane departed from an airstrip near Sirna, Romania. At about 15 minutes after takeoff the crew noticed an anomaly in the engine cylinder head temperature indication and decided to land for inspection. They selected a landing site after a quick evaluation from the air.A Shaheen Air Boeing 737-4H6, registered AP-BJN, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Karachi-Jinnah International Airport (KHI), Pakistan.An Israel Aircraft Industries 1124 airplane, N112EM, was substantially damaged during landing at Cincinnati Municipal Airport, OH (KLUK). The flight instructor, pilot, and passenger did not report any injuries. A Global 5000 corporate jet, registered M-YSAI, while landing at runway 21 of Seletar Airport, experienced a strong gust of cross wind causing it to drift off and touch down on the left side of the runway. Both nose and left main gears touched down on the grass patch while the right main gear touched down on the edge of the paved runway. After touching down, the Pilot Flying manoeuvred the aircraft back onto the runway and subsequently taxied the aircraft to its parking bay. With an expected 20 to 25 minute hold time before departure, the airplane was pushed back from the gate and ground clearance was given for the flight crew to taxi to a hold area to wait. While positioning in the hold area, the airplane's right wing impacted a light pole. The passengers were deplaned via air stairs and no injuries occurred. An examination of the right wing by maintenance personnel revealed that the right wing spar had sustained substantial damage. The captain, who was at the controls, reported that he had not seen the light pole before impact. The first officer reported looking up and seeing the light pole; however, he observed that the captain was turning away from the pole before the impact. It was further reported that there was no pre impact mechanical malfunction or failure with the airplane's flight controls.With an expected 20 to 25 minute hold time before departure, the airplane was pushed back from the gate and ground clearance was given for the flight crew to taxi to a hold area to wait. While positioning in the hold area, the airplane's right wing impacted a light pole. The passengers were deplaned via air stairs and no injuries occurred. An examination of the right wing by maintenance personnel revealed that the right wing spar had sustained substantial damage. The captain, who was at the controls, reported that he had not seen the light pole before impact. The first officer reported looking up and seeing the light pole; however, he observed that the captain was turning away from the pole before the impact. It was further reported that there was no pre impact mechanical malfunction or failure with the airplane's flight controls.A Saab 340B passenger plane, C6-SBJ, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Marsh Harbour International Airport (MHH), Bahamas.A Canadair Challenger 601 corporate jet sustained damage in a maintenance accident at Chino Airport, CA (CNO). There were no injuries.The aircraft, a Beechcraft A100 King Air, sustained substantial damage during a gear-up landing at Kapuskasing Airport - CYYU, Kapuskasing, Ontario. The two crew members onboard the aircraft were not injured.The Beechcraft King Air 100 took off from the Montréal/St-Hubert Airport, Quebec, Canada at 17:00, on a local flight under visual flight rules with 1 pilot and 3 passengers on board.  The purpose of the flight was to check the rudder trim indicator and to confirm a potential synchronization problem between the autopilot and the global positioning system (GPS). The airplane, a Cessna 208 Caravan I, was en route from Thad to Cameroon flying at 3000 feet when the engine lost power. A Xian MA60 passenger plane, registered XY-AIP, sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Kawthaung Airport (KAW), Myanmar. There were 64 persons on board, no one was injured.While returning to the Skydive Toronto base at Cookstown after dropping a load of skydivers the aircraft lost power. Unable to clear trees on approach, the pilot set down in a field short of the runway. The pilot suffered serious but non life threatening injuries.An Airbus A320 of Wizz Air was damaged in a landing accident at Roma-Fiumicino Airport (FCO). There were 165 passengers and five crew members on board. Three occupants were injured.A Xian MA60 passenger plane, PK-MZO, sustained substantial damage in a hard landing accident at Kupang-Eltari Airport, Indonesia. There were 46 passengers and 4 crew members on board. Four passengers and one crew member sustained serious injuries.A Beechcraft B200GT King Air turboprop was destroyed in an accident shortly after takeoff from Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport, LA (BTR). The pilot was killed.An Embraer ERJ-145LI passenger jet suffered substantial damage in a landing accident at Shanghai-Hongqiao Airport (SHA), China. The pilot being the sole occupant onboard the aircraft departed Johannesburg-O.R. Tambo International Airport on a reposition flight for scheduled maintenance to Lanseria. Takeoff and climb was uneventful. Upon arrival at Lanseria, the aircraft landed gear-up on runway 06L. The aircraft skidded for approximately 300 metres coming to halt in the middle of the runway. The aircraft was substantially damaged and the pilot got out of the aircraft uninjured. No fire was reported.At 07:20, when Asian Spirit flight 321 was 10 miles out, the Masbate controller reported winds 050 at 11 kts, gusting to 14 kts. At 07:35 the pilot flew a right base and turned onto finals for runway 21. The crew was advised that wind was now 040 degrees at 10 knots, gusting to 14 knots and caution advised for landing.The Adamair flight went missing during a domestic flight to Manado. Last contact was at 14:07 when the flight was enroute at FL350. Initial reports indicate that the flight changed course twice as a result of severe (130 km/h) crosswind. The airplane crashed into the sea. On January 11 part of a jetliner's tail, food trays and other debris was pulled from the sea. On January 25 a U.S. navy ship detected signals coming from the flight recorder.A Turbo DC-3 aircraft, N834TP, collided with terrain during takeoff at Mojave, California. The certified flight instructor (CFI) and the student pilot were not injured; the airplane sustained substantial damage to the fuselage and wings from impact forces.A Turbo DC-3 aircraft, N834TP, collided with terrain during takeoff at Mojave, California. The certified flight instructor (CFI) and the student pilot were not injured; the airplane sustained substantial damage to the fuselage and wings from impact forces.The Transwest Air spring ski-equipped de Havilland DHC-6-100 (registration C-FCCE) was taking off from a ski strip east of and parallel to runway 36 at La Ronge Airport, SK (YVC). After the nose ski cleared the snow, the left wing rose and the aircraft veered to the right and the captain, who was the pilot flying, continued the takeoff. The right ski, however, was still in contact with the snow. The aircraft became airborne briefly as it cleared a deep gully to the right of the runway. The aircraft remained in a steep right bank and the right wing contacted the snow-covered ground. The aircraft flew through a chain link fence and crashed into trees surrounding the airport. The five passengers and two crewmembers evacuated the aircraft with minor injuries. There was a small fire near the right engine exhaust that was immediately extinguished by the crew.At 17.15, the pilot of the Indigo flight 664 reported to Air Traffic Control that there were a couple of passengers who were behaving aggressively and threatening to hijack the plane. The plane was given priority and it landed at 17.29. The plane was taken to an isolated area of the Delhi Airport and was cordoned off by the National Security Guard (NSG) and Central Industrial Security Force (CISF).The C-17 touched down at Bagram Air Base with its landing gear retracted. The aircraft suffered significant damage to its belly and a small fire broke out as a result of the mishap. There were no reported injuries.The Cessna 560 jet was en route from Innsbruck (INN), Austria to the Siberian city of Barnaul (BAX) with intermediate stops at Moscow-Sheremetyevo (SVO) and Chelyabinsk (CEK). Approaching Barnaul, the crew were not able to obtain a main landing gear down and locked indication. The diverted to Novosibirsk-Tolmachevo Airport (OVB) where three fly-bys were flown. Airport personnel confirmed that the main landing gear was not down. The crew then carried out a forced landing. According to Russian press reports the plane belonged to Tyrol Air Ambulance.Empire Airlines flight CFS8284 departed Fort Worth Alliance Airport, TX (AFW) at 03:21 CST on a cargo flight to Lubbock Preston Smith International Airport, TX (LBB). Weather at Lubbock was poor with an overcast at 500 feet, freezing drizzle and mist.Fokker 100 EP-CFN was operated on an Iran Air flight from Ardabil (ADU) to Tehran-Mehrabad (THR). After landing on runway 29L, the right hand main landing gear broke. The airplane went off the right side of the runway, coming to rest between taxiways 8 and 10.A Bombardier Global 5000 was conducting static engine ground runs at Wichita (ICT). During this test the airplane ran into a blast fence. The nose burst through the fence.The Galaxy corporate jet sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident upon landing at Oradea Airport (OMR).The Galaxy corporate jet sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident upon landing at Oradea Airport (OMR).A Russian Air Force Il-76MD transport plane registered RA-76825 was ready to depart from Makhachkala Airport (MCX). The airplane, with a crew of seven, taxied to the runway. At the same time another Il-76 (RA-76827) came in to land. The wing of the landing aircraft struck the flight deck of the stationary airplane, ripping away a large part of the forward fuselage. A fire erupted. Three of the seven crew members died. The landing Il-76 suffered damage to the wing but none of the 31 occupants were hurt.A Russian Air Force Il-76MD transport plane registered RA-76825 was ready to depart from Makhachkala Airport (MCX). The airplane, with a crew of seven, taxied to the runway. At the same time another Il-76 (RA-76827) came in to land. The wing of the landing aircraft struck the flight deck of the stationary airplane, ripping away a large part of the forward fuselage. A fire erupted. Three of the seven crew members died. The landing Il-76 suffered damage to the wing but none of the 31 occupants were hurt.US Airways flight 1549 was a passenger flight from New York-La Guardia Airport, NY (LGA) to Charlotte-Douglas International Airport, NC (CLT), operated by an Airbus A320. The nose landing gear of the Antonov 24RV failed to deploy while the aircraft was on approach to Bosaso, Somalia.The plane left Manila around 06:13 on a domestic flight to Caticlan (MPH). The flight was uneventful until a go-around was initiated during the first approach at Caticlan.The float-equipped Caravan crashed near Rio Tigre shortly after takeoff from Intuntu.The Douglas DC-3C Basler turbo-conversion aircraft was on a cargo flight from Novolazarevskaya Station to Tony Camp, transporting spare parts for the cross-country vehicles of a British expedition in Antarctica. The aircraft was flown to destination without incident, where it circled the camp twice for inspection fly-bys of the field. The aircraft was on a trial approach run at 200ft AGL, during which the contrast was poor and conditions were exacerbated by a sudden drop in visibility. The aircraft was inadvertently descended and it flew into the ground. The aircraft came to rest in an upright attitude and intact condition.Cessna 550, N815MA departed the La Isabela Airport (JBQ), Dominican Republic, on January 3, 2009, about 23:00 on an IFR flight to Wilmington, NC (ILM). A corporate Cessna 650 Citation VII was landing on runway 12 at Vancouver International Airport, BC (YVR), Canada from Tijuana-Rodriguez Airport (TIJ), Mexico. The aircraft began to drift to the left early in the landing roll and exited the runway surface about 4500 feet from the threshold. It travelled through a berm of plowed snow about 18" deep for about 400-500 feet alongside the runway edge lights, during which time the nose wheel collapsed. The aircraft came to rest straddling the line of runway edge lights beyond the hold short line for the crossing runway 08R/26L. The occupants partially opened the main entrance door and evacuated the aircraft. ARFF crews arrived within two minutes. There were no injuries, fire or hazardous material spills. A Learjet 45, N279AJ, sustained substantial damage when attempting to land during a snowstorm at Telluride Regional Airport, CO (TEX). The positioning flight was conducted using instrument flight rules and had departed Scottsdale Airport, AZ (SDL) at 15:03 MST. The pilot occupying the left seat was not injured and the pilot occupying the right seat received minor injuries. The aircraft was operating a scheduled freight flight from Barcelona, Spain to Luxembourg. The aircraft's actual departure time in Barcelona was 11:13 local time. At 12:40, flight CLX 793 contacted Luxembourg Approach (APP) for the first time and was advised by the approach controller that Low Visibility Procedures (LVP) were in operation. A Beechcraft 1900C cargo plane, registered N112AX, was destroyed when it crashed into the water shortly after takeoff from runway 31 at Sand Point Municipal Airport, AK (SDP). The two flight crew members were killed. The airplane was carrying a load of fish and mail to Anchorage-Ted Stevens International Airport, AK (ANC).An Aeroméxico Connect Embraer ERJ-145LU passenger plane, registered XA-WAC, sustained substantial damage following a runway excursion on landing at Tijuana-Rodriguez Airport (TIJ), Mexico. The left main landing gear dug in causing the left hand wing to contact the ground.A Cessna 208B Caravan, registered VH-NTQ, was en-route from Broome to Koolan Island, Western Australia (WA) at an altitude of about 9,500 ft, when the pilot noticed a drop in the engine torque indication, with a corresponding drop in the engine oil pressure indication. The pilot diverted to the nearest airstrip, which was Beagle Bay, WA. The pilot shut the engine down when the low oil pressure warning light illuminated and conducted a landing at Beagle Bay airstrip. The aircraft overran the airstrip, coming to rest upside down after impacting a mound of dirt. The aircraft was seriously damaged. The pilot, who was the only occupant, sustained minor injuries.When the aircraft undercarriage collapsed the airplane careered off the Moba airstrip, suffering considerable damage.An Airbus A319-131, registered N816UA, was damaged when it landed at Newark-Liberty International Airport, NJ (EWR) with its right hand main landing gear retracted. The occupants were evacuated using the emergency slides.A Dassault Falcon 20 corporate jet, registered in Mexico as XA-PCC, was damaged in a runway excursion during takeoff from Eagle County Airport, CO (EGE).A Saab 340A turboprop plane was damaged when the undercarriage retracted as it was standing on the apron of the Nassau-Lynden Pindling International Airport (NAS), Bahamas. Two crew members were on board, preparing the airplane for a scheduled service to Marsh Harbour International Airport (MHH).A Beech C99 airplane, N206AV, was substantially damaged during a hard landing following an instrument approach in instrument meteorological conditions at Kearney Municipal Airport (EAR), Kearney, Nebraska. The commercial pilot was not injured. The cross-country flight originated at Omaha-Eppley Airfield, NE (OMA).The aircraft suffered a loss of engine power on takeoff and crashed in a wet flood plain and overturned. Some injuries to the passengers on board, one of whom suffered a broken hip.A Learjet plane, operating as Royal Air Freight flight RAX988, was destroyed when it impacted water and terrain while maneuvering to final approach to runway 34 at Chicago Executive Airport (PWK). The wreckage came to rest on the west bank of the Des Plaines River, in a forest preserve south of the airport. Both pilots were killed in the accident.A Learjet plane, operating as Royal Air Freight flight RAX988, was destroyed when it impacted water and terrain while maneuvering to final approach to runway 34 at Chicago Executive Airport (PWK). The wreckage came to rest on the west bank of the Des Plaines River, in a forest preserve south of the airport. Both pilots were killed in the accident.During the 2011 Libyan civil war several aircraft parked at Benghazi-Benina International Airport (BEN) were damaged. These included:During the 2011 Libyan civil war several aircraft parked at Benghazi-Benina International Airport (BEN) were damaged. These included:A Beech Super King Air 200, N849BM, impacted terrain following a loss of control during takeoff from Long Beach Airport, CA. The commercial pilot and four passengers were fatally injured; a fifth passenger was seriously injured. The airplane was destroyed.A Bombardier Challenger 300 corporate jet sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Iqaluit Airport, NU (YFB), Canada. There were no injuries, and aircraft damage was limited to the nose and main landing gear, which was subsequently replaced.Damaged at Sendai Airport by a tsunami caused by an 8.9 scale earthquake.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan operated by Missionary Aviation Fellowship sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Mulia Airport (LII), Indonesia.Damaged beyond repair at Sendai Airport by a tsunami caused by an 8.9 scale earthquake.Damaged beyond repair at Sendai Airport by a tsunami caused by an 8.9 scale earthquake.Damaged at Sendai Airport by a tsunami caused by an 8.9 scale earthquake.A DHC-6 Twin Otter skydiving plane was destroyed when it crashed during a local post-maintenance test flight from Clayton County Airport-Tara Field, GA. Aircraft landed with a tailwind and overran the runway. A photo showed the aircraft with a collapsed nose wheel and badly damaged propeller blades. No reports of injuries.An Antonov 148-100E jet, registered 61708, was destroyed in an accident near Garbuzovo, Belgorod Region, Russia, killing all six crew members.A Curtiss C-46 transport plane was destroyed in an accident at Santa Cruz-Viru Viru International Airport (VVI), Bolivia. Three crew members were killed, the passenger survived.A DHC-8 passenger plane, registered TF-JMB, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Godthåb/Nuuk Airport (GOH), Greenland. All 31 passengers and three crew members survived. The airplane operated on a flight from Reykjavík Domestic Airport (RKV), Iceland to Godthåb/Nuuk Airport (GOH), Greenland with an enroute stop at Kulusuk.A Boeing 737-236 passenger plane, operated by Bhoja Airlines, was destroyed in an accident near Islamabad, Pakistan. All 121 passengers and six crew members were killed. Bhoja Airlines flight 213 departed Karachi (KHI) at 17:05 on a domestic flight to Islamabad (ISB). This was the inaugural evening flight for the airline on this route.A Fokker F-27 Friendship 500 cargo plane sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Yida Airstrip, South Sudan. All three crew members survived without injuries.Sustained substantial damage during a hail storm.The crew reported for duty at 06:25 UTC at London-Stansted Airport (STN) and were scheduled to position the aircraft, without passengers, to Chambéry Airport (CMF) in France. They were then scheduled to return, with passengers, to London-Gatwick Airport (LGW).A de Havilland Canada DHC-8-311Q passenger plane, 5H-MWG, suffered substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Kigoma Airport (TKQ), Tanzania. There were no fatalities.An Airbus A320 passenger plane sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Davao City-Francisco Bangoy International Airport (DVO), Philippines.A Dornier 228 passenger plane, 9N-AHB, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Simikot Airport (IMK), Nepal. There were no injuries among the five passengers and two crew members.A British Aerospace ATP cargo plane, PK-DGI, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Wamena Airport (WMX), Indonesia. A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan passenger plane, 9N-AJU, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Simikot Airport (IMK), Nepal. There were no injuries. A Bombardier DHC-8-402Q Dash 8 aircraft, C-GLQO, sustained substantial damage in tailstrike accident on landing at Sault Ste. Marie Airport, ON (YAM), Canada. There were no reported injuries.A Boeing KC-137E transport plane of the Brazilian Air Force sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Port-au-Prince Airport (PAP), Haiti. There were no injuries.The Airbus A320-232 sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident upon landing at Varna Airport (VAR), Bulgaria.An Airbus A319-131, G-EUOE, was damaged in an accident at London-Heathrow Airport (LHR), U.K. None of the 75 passengers and five crew members were injured. An Antonov 2R biplane was destroyed in an accident in the Aksy district of Kyrgyzstan, killing all three on board.A Boeing 777-340ER passenger plane, operated by Pakistan International Airlines, diverted to London-Stansted Airport (STN), U.K. following an in-flight security incident.A Cessna S550 Citation S/II corporate jet, S5-BAX, sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Forli Airport (FRL), Italy. The two pilots and flight nurse were not injured.A Lockheed C-130J Hercules transport plane sustained substantial damage in a hard landing accident at Forward Operating Base Shank in Logar province, Afghanistan. There were no injuries.A Swearingen SA.227AC Metro III, OY-NPB, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Oslo-Gardermoen (OSL), Norway. None of the eleven occupants were injured.An ATR-72-212, registered PR-TTI, was damaged in a runway excursion accident at Altamira Airport, PA (ATM), Brazil. The airplane landed following a domestic flight from Belém/Val-de-Cães International Airport , PA (BEL) and went off the side of the runway.An ATR-72-212, registered PR-TTI, was damaged in a runway excursion accident at Altamira Airport, PA (ATM), Brazil. The airplane landed following a domestic flight from Belém/Val-de-Cães International Airport , PA (BEL) and went off the side of the runway.Crashed into a building that housed a military canine unit at the airport and burst into flames.A Cessna 525 Citation CJ1+ corporate jet plane, registered HB-VOV, sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Grenchen Airport, Switzerland. The airplane operated on a flight from Grenchen Airport. Destination of the ferry flight was Newquay-Cornwall Airport (NQY) in England.A Cessna 525 Citation CJ1+ corporate jet plane, registered HB-VOV, sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Grenchen Airport, Switzerland. The airplane operated on a flight from Grenchen Airport. Destination of the ferry flight was Newquay-Cornwall Airport (NQY) in England.A Gulfstream Aerospace GV-SP airplane, N535GA, had a landing overrun on runway 30 (6,501 feet by 150 feet, dry grooved concrete) at the Appleton-Outagamie County Regional Airport (ATW), Wisconsin, following a reported loss of a hydraulic system. The airplane incurred substantial left wing damage when the left main landing gear collapsed during the overrun. A Let 410 cargo plane, registration 9Q-CIF, was damaged beyond repair in an accident at Mont Biega, D.R. Congo. Both crew members were killed.A Let L-410 passenger plane, HR-AUQ, was destroyed in an accident near El Espino, Honduras. All 12 passengers and two crew members on board were killed. The airplane operated on Central American Airways flight 731 from San Pedro Sula (SAP) to Tegucigalpa (TGU).A CASA/Nurtanio NC-212-A4 Aviocar 100 plane, registered PK-ZAI, was damaged beyond repair in an accident at Bintan Island, Indonesia. All five on board were killed. A Swearingen SA-227BC Metro III passenger plane, registered EC-ITP, was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Cork Airport (ORK), Ireland. There were 10 passengers and two crew members on board. Both crew members and four passengers were killed. Wasaya Airways flight WSG937, a Beech 1900D aircraft (C-FWAX) was landing on runway 03 at the Kasabonika, Ontario airport with 13 passengers and two crew onboard. Shortly after touchdown, the aircraft began to weathercock and then veer to the left. The flight crew applied right wheel braking and increased right engine beta input. The aircraft continued to the left and then full reverse thrust was applied. Both engines were then shut down and the aircraft struck a snow bank and came to rest in deep snow, approximately 10 feet past the runway lights. All occupants immediately evacuated the aircraft. The Gulfstream G-IV, N127DK, sustained substantial damage when the aircraft collided with ground handling equipment at Papeete-Faaa Airport, Tahiti.A Hawker 850XP corporate jet was destroyed in an accident at Sulaymaniyah, Iraq. All seven on board were killed. Among the passengers were technicians and shareholders with Iraqi mobile phone company Asiacell.A Fokker F-27 cargo plane sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Nairobi-Wilson Airport (WIL), Kenya. All four crew members sustained minor injuries.A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 plane, serial FAE449, was damaged beyond repair in an accident at El Capricho area, Ecuador.Reportedly damaged in a hard landing following engine failure on takeoff about January 19.A Convair 340-71 cargo plane, N8277Q, experienced an in-flight fire aft of the left engine shortly after takeoff from Cyril E. King Airport (STT), Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands.Three aircraft were destroyed in a hangar fire at Muncho Lake/Mile 462 Seaplane Base, Canada. A generator in the hangar caught fire. Without power the operator was not able to open the hangar door. Aircraft destroyed were: C-GUGE Cessna A185F, C-GUDK DHC-2 Beaver Mk 1, C-GNNP DHC-3T Otter.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, PR-ART, was destroyed when it impacted terrain near Senador Canedo City, GO, Brazil, while approaching Goiânia-Santa Genoveva Airport, GO (GYN). The two crew members and four passengers were fatally injured. The flight originated at Brasília-Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek International Airport, DF (BSB).A Boeing 737-2T5 passenger jet, registered ZS-SGX, sustained substantial damage in an accident at Hoedspruit AFB (HDS), South Africa. There were no fatalities. The airplane operated on a flight from Hoedspruit Airport (HDS) to Johannesburg-O.R. Tambo International Airport (JNB).An AirAsia Airbus A320-216 passenger jet, registered 9M-AHH, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Kuching Airport (KCH), Malaysia. All 123 passengers and six crew members survived. The airplane operated on flight AK5218 from Kuala Lumpur Subang International Airport (KUL) to Kuching Airport (KCH).An Iran Air Boeing 727 passenger jet was damaged beyond repair in an accident about 8 km from Urmia (Orumiyeh) Airport (OMH), Iran. There were 94 passengers and eleven crew members on board. The airplane operated on flight IR277 from Tehran-Mehrabad Airport (THR) to Urmia (Orumiyeh) Airport (OMH). It left Tehran at 18:15, after a delay of over two hours due to severe weather at the destination.The crew took off from runway 13 at Montpellier-Frejorgues Airport (MPL) for an IFR flight bound for Albert/Bray, France.A Learjet 35A corporate jet, registered N800GP, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Springfield-Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport, IL (SPI), USA. All four passengers and two crew members survived. The airplane operated on Priester Aviation flight 800 from Chicago-Midway Airport, IL (MDW) to Springfield-Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport, IL (SPI).A Learjet 35A corporate jet, registered N800GP, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Springfield-Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport, IL (SPI), USA. All four passengers and two crew members survived. The airplane operated on Priester Aviation flight 800 from Chicago-Midway Airport, IL (MDW) to Springfield-Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport, IL (SPI).A 40 year old man attempted hijack Flight TK1754 on a flight from Oslo (GEN) to Istanbul's Atatürk Airport (IST). The hijacker tried to enter the cockpit and demanded that the plane return to Norway. The man claimed that he had a bomb and that he would blow up the aircraft if the aircraft was not going back to Norway. A number of passengers overpowered the man and the 737 landed at Istanbul's Atatürk Airport were the hijacker was arrested.A Beechcraft B200 King Air, C-GSAU, sustained substantial damage in an accident at Maple Creek Airport, SK, Canada.Damaged beyond repair in a landing accident.An ATR-72 passenger plane was destroyed in an accident shortly after takeoff from Tyumen Airport (TJM), Russia. According to the airline, UTAir, there were 39 passengers and four crew members on board. The Ministry of Emergency Situations reported that 12 passengers sustained serious injuries. One of the survivors died on April 12, another one on April 19.A Japan Air Lines Boeing 777-246ER, performing flight JAL82 from Shanghai, China, suffered a tailstrike on landing at Tokyo-Haneda International Airport, Japan. None of the 296 passengers and 12 crew were injured.The nose landing gear of the Douglas C-54 apparently collapsed as it was and taxiing to the ramp. There were no injuries.A Fokker 50 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Wau Airport (WUU), South Sudan. The fifty passengers were not injured. The five crew members sustained minor injuries.While performing a water landing on a repositioning flight, a float-equipped Cessna 208 Caravan I, N208JS, flipped inverted and sank in about 15 feet of water in Abalone Caye, about 15 miles off Punta Gorda Town, Belize.A Beechcraft B300 Super King Air 350 ambulance plane was destroyed in an accident at the Macá Volcano, Chile. The airline transport rated pilot in command, first officer, and six passengers were fatally injured.A Beechcraft 1900C was damaged in a landing accident at Blue River Airport, BC, Canada. The aircraft sustained substantial damage. Crash-landed in a forest during an illegal flight. The airplane registration, FLA-1041K, was also illegal.A CASA CN-235 transport plane sustained substantial damage in takeoff accident at Quito-Mariscal Sucre Airport (UIO), Ecuador. There were no casualties.A Cessna 501 Citation I/SP corporate jet was destroyed in an accident at Franklin-Macon County Airport, NC. The five occupants were killed.A Lockheed C-130J Hercules military transport plane was destroyed when it flew into the side of a glacier near Mount Kebnekaise, Sweden. All five on board were killed. A Boeing 737-732 (WL) passenger plane sustained substantial damage when it rolled off a taxiway during an engine test at Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, GA (ATL).A Convair CV-340 cargo plane crashed shortly after departure from San Juan-Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport (SJU), Puerto Rico. Both pilots were killed.A Beechcraft 100 King Air suffered a landing gear failure at Deadman's Cay Airport (LGI), Long Island and ended up in a bush at the end of the runway. A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a hard water landing at Laguna Caballococha, Peru. The eight passengers and three crew members survived the accident.A BAe Jetstream 31 turboprop plane sustained damage when the starboard undercarriage failed on landing at Ronaldsway Airport, Isle of Man. There were no injuries.A BAe Jetstream 31 turboprop plane sustained damage when the starboard undercarriage failed on landing at Ronaldsway Airport, Isle of Man. There were no injuries.A "mysterious" blast ripped through a Yemen Air Force Antonov 26 at San'a-Al Dalaimi Air Base, without causing any casualties.A Cessna 650 Citation III jet was reportedly damaged beyond repair in a hangar collapse. The airport was struck by an EF3 tornado, causing extensive damage.A Cessna 750 Citation X corporate jet, N288CX, was destroyed in an accident near Egelsbach Airport, Germany. All five on board were killed.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan was destroyed in an accident near Manaus-Aeroclube de Flores, AM. The pilot, the sole occupant, sustained fatal injuries.Cessna 500 Citation PT-LPZ sustained substantial damage after it veered off the runway at Campo de Marte Airport, Sao Paulo, Brazil. The four occupants of the aircraft were uninjured in the accident. A de Havilland Canada DHC-8 passenger plane was involved in a landing accident at Newark-Liberty International Airport, NJ (EWR). There were no injuries.A DHC-6 Twin Otter passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Jomsom Airport (JMO), Nepal. Two crew members and one passenger sustained serious injuries.A Xian MA60 passenger plane, registered XY-AIQ, sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Mong Hsat Airport (MOG), Myanmar. There were 55 persons on board, two were injured.A Harbin Yunshuji Y-12-II plane was destroyed in an accident shortly after takeoff from Shenyang-Taoxian International Airport (SHE), China. All three crew members survived. An Antonov 2 biplane was destroyed when it crashed in a field near Chernolesskoye, Novoselitskiy rayon, Stavropol, Russia. The pilot was killed.The aircraft, a Learjet 35A, N22MS, experienced a runway overrun upon landing at McMinnville Municipal Airport, Oregon. Sustained substantial damage in a forced landing at Strehaia, Romania. The engine had lost power about fifty minutes into the flight because of fuel shortage. The engine was fed from the left hand fuel tank only which had run dry.The aircraft departed Ternate Airport, Indonesia at 13.55 LT on a domestic passenger service to Gebe. The pilot in command A British Aerospace BAe-146 jet of Nusantara Air Charter was damaged beyond repair in a ground fire at Wamena Airport (WMX), Indonesia. One person was injured.According to the Danish Accident Investigation Board, DHC-6 Twin Otter C-GKBO suffered substantial damage when the nose gear ski hit a rock during taxi after landing. The nose gear collapsed.A Learjet 60 corporate jet, registered N199FD, was destroyed when it crashed in a residential zone of Valencia, Venezuela, killing both occupants. A US Air Force Boeing KC-135R Stratotanker aircraft left Bishkek-Manas Airport at 14:30 LT for a combat aerial refueling mission. Two passenger jet were damaged in a ground collision accident at Newark-Liberty International Airport, NJ (EWR). There were no injuries.Two passenger jet were damaged in a ground collision accident at Newark-Liberty International Airport, NJ (EWR). There were no injuries.A Beechcraft 300 Super King Air turboprop plane, operated by the Office of the Mexican Attorney-General, crashed shortly after takeoff from Zacatecas-La Calera Airport (ZCL), Mexico. All six occupants were killed.The MD-82 reportedly suffered minor damage in a ramp incident at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, TX (DFW). The airplane was withdrawn from use and ferried to Tulsa, OK on 23 June 2013 and further to Roswell, NM on 3 October 2013. Both flight were flown at or below FL100.A Boeing 747-400BCF cargo plane, operated by National Air Cargo, crashed on takeoff from Bagram Air Base (BPM), Afghanistan. All seven crew members were killed in the accident.A Beechcraft MC-12W Liberty reconnaissance plane crashed northeast of Kandahar Airport (KDH) in Afghanistan, killing all four crew members.A BAe-125 CC3 liaison jet of the Royal Air Force (RAF) sustained substantial damage in a hail storm at Kandahar Airport (KDH), Afghanistan.A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Sam Neua-Nathong Airport, Laos. Five occupants were hurt.A Boeing 737 passenger plane, operated by Buraq Air, sustained minor damage after being hit by gun fire near Tripoli International Airport (TIP), Libya.Asiana Airlines flight OZ340 took off from Harbin, China at 15:46, bound for Seoul-Incheon, South Korea. The climb and cruise phases of the flight were uneventful. At 17:20, having descended to FL150, the captain, who was Pilot Flying, handed over controls to the first officer to enable him to manually fly the remainder of the descent until final approach although the first officer had voiced his concerns as he had not yet accumulated 100 hours on the A321 since his checkride. An ATR-72-500, XY-AIT, received substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Thandwe Airport (SNW), Myanmar. All passengers and crew onboard escaped uninjured. A Boeing 767-283ER passenger plane, XA-TOJ, sustained substantial damage in a tailstrike accident during takeoff from Madrid-Barajas Airport (MAD), Spain.An Airbus A319-111 passenger plane was involved in a landing accident at London-Luton Airport (LTN), United Kingdom. There were no injuries among the 142 passengers and six crew members.An Airbus A319-111 passenger plane was involved in a landing accident at London-Luton Airport (LTN), United Kingdom. There were no injuries among the 142 passengers and six crew members.An Airphil Express Airbus A320-214 from Manila overran runway 23 in fair weather conditions while landing at Kalibo Airport.A float-equipped de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter passenger plane sustained damage during a water landing at Male International Airport's sea plane base. The right hand wing was submerged as the plane came to rest.A float-equipped de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter passenger plane sustained damage during a water landing at Male International Airport's sea plane base. The right hand wing was submerged as the plane came to rest.A float-equipped de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter passenger plane sustained damage during a water landing at Male International Airport's sea plane base. The right hand wing was submerged as the plane came to rest.A Gulfstream G-IV corporate jet, N2SA, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Bukavu-Kavumu Airport (BKY), D.R. Congo. Both pilots and two passengers were killed in the accident. Two farmers died after being struck by the jet.An Airbus A320-211 sustained substantial damage in a tail strike accident at Sendai Airport (SDJ/RJSS), Japan. ANA Flight NH731, had departed Osaka-Itami International Airport (ITM/RJOO) on a domestic service to Sendai. The captain was Pilot Flying.An Antonov 28 airplane was destroyed in an accident near Namoya, D.R. Congo. Two of the five occupants survived the accidentA Canadair CRJ-200ER passenger jet sustained substantial damage to the electrical system while parked at Providence Airport, RI (PVD).A McDonnell Douglas MD-83 passenger plane, EC-JJS, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Kandahar Airport (KDH), Afghanistan. The airplane was operated by Swiftair under an ACMI arrangement with Gryphon Airlines. A Bombardier DHC-8-315, JA720A operated by the Japan Coast Guard (JCG) took off from Naha Airport at 14:48 local time for marine patrol flight over the East China Sea with the destination to Ishigaki Airport.A Let L-410UVP-E9 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Tembo, Kenya. The four passengers and two pilots survived.A Boeing 737-800 passenger plane, registered PK-LKS, suffered an accident at Bali's Denpasar-Ngurah Rai Bali International Airport (DPS) in Indonesia. There were 101 passengers and seven crew members on board. All aboard survived.An Antonov 26 aircraft was damaged beyond repair in an accident at Doro Airstrip, Maban County, South Sudan.A Beechcraft 1900 reportedly crashed at sea, some 14 km off São Tomé Island Airport (TMS). The wreckage of missing plane has not been found as of April 16. After landing at Walaha Airport (WLH), Vanuatu, the Islander taxied to the small terminal building at the northern end of the runway. The left hand wing impacted a pole on the porch, supporting the roof of the building. The left hand wing tip was bent upwards and the leading edge of the wing was damaged as a result of the impact. Neither the pilot nor the passengers sustained any injuries.On 27 March 2013, an Air Labrador Twin Otter was landing at St. Anthony Airport, with 2 crew members and 8 passengers on board. On approach to runway 10, the captain and first officer discussed approach and landing considerations due to the strong crosswinds, and it was decided that the first officer would continue the approach. Immediately prior to landing, the first officer experienced difficulty, so control of the aircraft was transferred to the captain. The transfer of control was completed less than 2 seconds prior to landing. The aircraft touched down on the left main wheel, bounced, and landed hard on the nosewheel; the nose landing gear collapsed due to overstress failures. Directional control was lost, and the aircraft skidded on its nose and came to rest 96 feet off the north side of the runway. There were no injuries, and the aircraft was substantially damaged.An Antonov 2 biplane was damaged beyond repair in an accident near Vostochnaya, Ust'-Labinsk Region, Russia. One of the two crew members was killed.On March 12, 2013, a Grumman G-159 Gulfstream I, 9Q-CTC, departed Kinshasa-N'Dolo on a cargo flight to Djolu Airport, D.R. Congo. The flight was uneventful but on landing the aircraft was damaged. Repairs were carried out on sight.A Hawker Beechcraft 390 Premier IA corporate jet, registered N26DK, sustained substantial damage in an accident at South Bend, IN. Two of the four persons on board were killed.A Hawker Beechcraft 390 Premier IA corporate jet, registered N26DK, sustained substantial damage in an accident at South Bend, IN. Two of the four persons on board were killed.Two aircraft sustained substantial damage when being hit by ramp equipment Jakarta-Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK), Indonesia during a thunderstorm.Two aircraft sustained substantial damage when being hit by ramp equipment Jakarta-Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK), Indonesia during a thunderstorm.A Beechcraft 1900 cargo plane was destroyed when it impacted rising terrain some 32 km northeast of Dillingham Municipal Airport, AK (DLG). Both crew members were killed. The flight had originally departed Anchorage, AK (ANC) about 05:44, and made a scheduled stop at King Salmon, AK (AKN), before continuing on to the next scheduled stop, Dillingham, AK (DLG). As the airplane approached Dillingham, the flight crew requested the RNAV GPS 19 instrument approach to the Dillingham Airport about 07:57 from controllers at the Anchorage Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC). The ARTCC specialist on duty subsequently granted the request by issuing the clearance, with instructions to proceed direct to the Initial Approach Fix (IAF) to begin the approach, and to maintain an altitude of 2,000 feet or above. A short time later the flight crew requested to enter a holding pattern at the IAF so that they could contact the Flight Service Station (FSS) for a runway conditions report, and the ARTCC specialist granted that request. The ARTCC specialist then made several attempts to contact the aircraft, but was unsuccessful and subsequently lost radar track on the aircraft. An ELT signal indicated it had come down in the Muklung Hills. The wreckage was located the next day at an altitude of 2000 feet on the south side of the Muklung Hills.A Beechcraft B200 King Air was destroyed in an accident near Matibamba, Peru. All nine on board were killed.A Fokker 50 passenger plane, operated by Compagnie Africaine d'Aviation (CAA) was destroyed in an accident near Goma Airport (GOM), Democratic Republic of the Congo. There were ten people on board the Fokker 50, three passengers, six crew members and a loadmaster. The three passengers survived the accident.A Premier 1A jet, registered VP-CAZ, was destroyed in an accident near Annemasse Airport (QNJ), France. There were three people on board. The pilot and a passenger seated in the cockpit were killed. Another passenger, seated in the rear on the right side of the aeroplane was severely injured.An Airbus A310-324, registered AP-BGN, and operated by Pakistan International Airlines, was hit by ground fire while on approach to Peshawar Airport (PEW) in Pakistan. Two cabin crew members and a female passenger were hit by bullets. The passenger died of her injuries.The pilot was departing from a road lined with refrigeration trailers located on a tidal beach at Egegik, Alaska. He said that during the takeoff roll he noticed a red buoy located in his departure path. He reduced the throttle and attempted to maneuver around the buoy striking the right wing on a refrigeration trailer. The airplane sustained substantial damage to the right wing. The pilot stated that there were no preaccident mechanical malfunctions or anomalies that would have precluded normal operation.A Boeing 767-36N, registration N768NA, operated by Omni Air International experienced a tail strike during landing on runway 29 at Kabul International Airport (KBL), Afghanistan. The flight originated at Bucharest International Airport (OTP), Romania and was operated as a non-scheduled charter. There were no injuries to the 65 passengers onboard and 4 crewmembers received minor injuries. The aircraft was substantially damaged.A Learjet 35A was destroyed in an accident following a mid-air collision with a Luftwaffe (German Air Force) Eurofighter EF2000 Typhoon jet (30+91) over Elpe, Germany. Both crew members sustained fatal injuries.An Israel Aircraft Industries (IAI) 1124A Westwind II jet impacted a cotton field to the west of runway 18R at the Huntsville International Airport (KHSV) in Huntsville, Alabama. The airplane was consumed by a post-crash fire and the three occupants onboard were fatally injured.A Cessna 208 Caravan I operated by the South African Air Force crashed near Long Tom Pass in the Misty Mountain area near Lydenburg, South Africa. Three of the five occupants were killed.A Lockheed SP-2H, N4692A, was substantially damaged when the nose wheel landing gear collapsed during landing roll at theAn Ilyushin 76 transport plane of the Ukraine Air Force crashed near Lugansk, Ukraine after being hit by one shoulder-fired 9K38 "Igla" missile. It was subsequently hit by machine gun fire and all nine crew members and 40 soldiers died.A Mahan Air Airbus A310 was damaged when an airport passenger bus collided with the left hand side of the fuselage, just behind the wing.A Cessna 525 CitationJet CJ1 sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident on landing at Aruanã Airport, GO, Brazil. The seven persons on board sustained minor injuries. The occupants were on their way to a mass for former football player Fernandão who had died in a helicopter accident.On 8 June 2014 at 23:10 hours, ten militants armed with automatic weapons, a rocket launcher, suicide vests, and grenades attacked Jinnah International Airport in Karachi, Pakistan.An Antonov 2T biplane was damaged when it impacted trees while on approach to Olsztyn/Dajtki Airport, Poland.An Antonov 2 biplane was destroyed in an accident near Rybinsk, Yaroslavl region, Russia. The pilot was killed in the accident.An Antonov 30 plane of the Ukraine Air Force crashed after being hit by ground fire near Slavyansk. Photos show the right hand engine on fire and some crew members bailing out.An Antonov 30 plane of the Ukraine Air Force crashed after being hit by ground fire near Slavyansk. Photos show the right hand engine on fire and some crew members bailing out.An Ilyushin 96-300 was destroyed by a fire while parked at Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport (SVO) in Russia. There were no injuries.The An-2 departed on a para-dropping flight from Rybinsk when it suffered engine problems shortly after takeoff. The crew attempted an emergency landing, but the aircraft came down in a snow-covered wooded area some 2 km from the airfield, both pilots escaped unhurt while 1 of the 12 skydivers was slightly injured.A Let L-410UVP-E9 plane, operated on behalf of the United Nations mission in South Sudan, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Wau, South Sudan. Both occupants survived the accident.A Premier 1A corporate jet, registered N777VG, was destroyed in a landing accident at Thomson-McDuffie County Airport, GA, USA. The captain and the co-pilot survived. The remaining five occupants were killed.The Embraer EMB-500 Phenom 100 jet departed Kortrijk-Wevelgem International Airport (KJK), Belgium at 07:38 hours local time on a flight to Berlin-Schönefeld Airport (SXF), Germany. The copilot was Pilot Flying. An Antonov 24 passenger plane was destroyed in a landing accident Donetsk Airport (DOK), Ukraine. There were 44 passengers and eight crew members on board. Five passengers were killed. Five crew members crew and three passengers were seriously injured.The McDonnell Douglas MD-83 sustained damage in a ground collision accident with a fuel truck. The aircraft was taxiing to the terminal at the time of the accident.A Boeing 737-33A passenger plane, AP-BEH, sustained damage in a landing accident at Muscat-Seeb Airport (MCT), Oman. There were no injuries among the 108 persons on board the plane.A CASA CN-235 transport plane was destroyed when it crashed near Charlesville, Liberia. All 11 occupants were killed, according to the Guinea's Defence Minister Camara.A Beechcraft 1900C, registration C-FPCO, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Blue River Airport, BC, Canada. There were no injuries.An Antonov 2 biplane struck snowy terrain during a flight from Rivne International Airport (RWN) to Poltava Airport (PLV), Ukraine. The right hand wings collapsed and the airplane sustained substantial structural damage to the fuselage. The pilot was injured.An Airbus A320-211, registered TS-IMB, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Tunis-Carthage Airport (TUN), Tunisia when the nose landing gear collapsed.An ATR-72 passenger plane, registered YR-ATS, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Roma-Fiumicino Airport (FCO), Italy. Of the 50 occupants, five sustained serious injuries.On approach to runway 18 at Okiwi, New Zealand, the aircraft encountered windshear on short final as the pilot reduced power to land. The pilot was unable to arrest the descent rate and the aircraft landed heavily. Damage was caused to both landing gear oleos and one brake unit, with rippling found on the upper and lower skin of each wing. One passenger sustained a back injury, which was later identified as a fractured vertebra. The pilot was aware of fluctuating wind conditions at Okiwi and had increased the approach speed to 70 knots as per company standard operating procedures. The pilot reported that despite this, the airspeed reduced rapidly and significantly at 10 to 15 feet agl, leaving little time to react to the situation.On approach to runway 18 at Okiwi, New Zealand, the aircraft encountered windshear on short final as the pilot reduced power to land. The pilot was unable to arrest the descent rate and the aircraft landed heavily. Damage was caused to both landing gear oleos and one brake unit, with rippling found on the upper and lower skin of each wing. One passenger sustained a back injury, which was later identified as a fractured vertebra. The pilot was aware of fluctuating wind conditions at Okiwi and had increased the approach speed to 70 knots as per company standard operating procedures. The pilot reported that despite this, the airspeed reduced rapidly and significantly at 10 to 15 feet agl, leaving little time to react to the situation.An MD-11F cargo plane, registration N618FE, operated by FedEx Express as flight 1420, experienced a tail strike during landing on runway 17 at Denver International Airport. The aircraft taxied normally to the cargo ramp, and an inspection revealed substantial damage to the tail of the airplane. There were no injuries to the 2 flightcrew.A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter airplane was destroyed when it crashed into a steep snow- and ice-covered mountain slope at 13,000 feet 3960 metres) asl in the Queen Alexandra range in Antarctica. All three crew members were killed.The aircraft landed heavily on its nose wheel and thereafter ran off the runway. It ended beside the runway, with the left wing touching the ground. The SAAF flight crew were uninjured. The aircraft suffered wing and engine damage.A Cessna 208B Cargomaster, N1120N, crashed shortly after takeoff from Pellston Regional Airport, MI (PLN). It came down in a wooded area, killing the pilot.A Let L-410 passenger plane, operated by Aeroeste, sustained substantial damage in a gear-up landing at Santa Cruz-El Trompillo Airport (SRZ), Bolivia.A Britten-Norman BN-2A-27 Islander, YV2615, was reported missing on a flight between Los Roques Airport (LRV) and Caracas-Simón Bolívar International Airport (CCS), Venezuela. There are six persons on board.A Gulfstream G-IV corporate jet was destroyed in a takeoff accident at Bedford-Hanscom Field, MA (BED). All four passengers and three crew members were killed in the accident.A de Havilland DHC-3T Turbine Otter airplane, experienced an anomalous in-flight vibration and uncommanded nose-down pitch during cruise flight in the vicinity of Homer, Alaska. The airplane sustained substantial damage to the right elevator. The flight departed Seldovia, Alaska, about 0900, en route to Anchorage, Alaska.A Beechcraft 300 Super King Air that violated Venezuelan airspace was destroyed by military forces, according to a statement by the Defense Minister of Venezuela, Vladimir López Padrino.An Embraer ERJ-140, N299SK, sustained substantial damage from a bird strike during approach to runway 10 at the Traverse City Airport, MI (TVC). There were no injuries to the occupants. The airplane sustained damage to the windshield, skins, frame and internal supports in the area near the first officer's windshield. The plane caught fire during an emergency landing while on a training flight. There were no personal injuries, but the plane sustained substantial fire damage. The fairly intact fuselage has been used during airport emergency drills since.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air crashed on a sand bar in the Río de la Plata, 10 km southwest of the destination Carmelo, Uruguay.Damaged during the battle of Donetsk Airport between separatists and National Guard of Ukraine. The airplane burnt out.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air sustained substantial damage in a forced landing in a field near Bahía Solano, Colombia. The three occupants were injured.Approximately five miles from the destination airport, the pilot conducted the before landing checklist and thought he had extended the landing gear. He continued the landing approach, and the airplane touched down with the landing gear retracted, resulting in substantial damage to the wing spar. The pilot did not report any mechanical anomalies that would have precluded normal operation prior to the accident.The Cessna CitationJet struck birds on departure from Mount Airy/Surry County Airport, NC and returned to land. According to the FAA, the airplane sustained substantial damage.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air that violated Venezuelan airspace was destroyed by military forces, according to a statement by the Defense Minister of Venezuela, Vladimir López Padrino.An Antonov An-74 of the Laos Government was involved in an accident near Xieng Khouang Airport (XKH), Laos. Three of the seventeen occupants initially survived, but two later succumbed to their injuries.One person was killed when a Harbin Yunshuji Y-12-II transport plane crashed at El Wak, Kenya. The airplane operated on a flight from Mandera to Nairobi with stops at El Wak and Garissa.An IRS Airlines Fokker F100, operating on a post C-check ferry flight from Bratislava sustained substantial damage during a forced landing in the Ganla area in Niger. A Fokker 100 passenger plane, operated by Iran Aseman Airlines, was damaged in a landing accident at Zahedan Airport (ZAH), Iran.A Cessna 525C, N718MV, was substantially damaged during an engine start at Columbus-Rickenbacker International Airport (LCK), Ohio. The two crewmembers and two passengers were not injured. At the time of the accident the airplane was preparing to depart LCK for a flight to Columbus-Bolton Field Airport, Ohio.The Antonov 2 biplane sustained substantial damage in a forced landing in a field.A DC-3 cargo plane operated by ALIANSA Colombia was destroyed when it impacted mountainous terrain north of San Vicente del Caguán, Colombia. All occupants sustained fatal injuries.An Ariana Afghan Airlines Boeing 737-4Y0 sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident after landing on runway 29 at Kabul Airport, Afghanistan.A Boeing 737-400 Freighter belonging to the Irish freight company Air Contractors suffered substantial damage in a landing accident at East Midlands Airport near Nottingham, United Kingdom. Separatist fired shells at the Kramatorsk Airport (KRQ), Ukraine. In the attack one Mi-8 helicopter and an Antonov 2 airplane were destroyed.A BN-2T Islander was engaged in transporting  a total 627 kg of cargo, which included two drums of Jet A-1 fuel, from Port Moresby to Kikori, Papua New Guinea.Shortly after landing, the Fokker 50 aircraft overran the runway at high speed, coming to a rest on rough terrain. The nose and main gears collapsed, and the left wing partially detached from the aircraft. The aircraft was damaged beyond economic repair. The three occupants, who were transporting a cargo a khat, were uninjured.A BAe-125 corporate jet was destroyed in an accident at Ramos Arizpe, Mexico. All eight on board suffered fatal injuries.A Learjet 25D was destroyed on the ground by Venezuelan military forces. The airplane had reportedly departed Belém, Brazil without a flight plane and with the transponder turned off.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, N126AR, operated by Hageland Aviation Services impacted terrain in the Three Steps Mountain area about 60 km southeast of Bethel, Alaska. A post-crash fire erupted. Both pilots were killed.Some ten minutes after flight LH1667 had departed from Munich's Franz Josef Strauss Airport, Germany, a male passenger grabbed one of the flight attendants and threatened her with a part of a razor blade. He then dragged her into a toilet when two other flight attendants came over in an attempt to free their colleague.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan operating on a flight from Surkhet to Simikot, Nepal, force landed in the Karnali River following a loss of engine power. Both crew members swam ashore.Emirates Airlines flight EK521, a Boeing 777-300, impacted the runway during an attempted go-around at Dubai Airport (DXB), United Arab Emirates. All 300 on board survived the accident. One fire fighter was killed during the ARFF operations.A Beechcraft C99 airplane, N234AV, sustained substantial damage following a collision with an object in the vicinity of Spanish Fork, Utah. The airplane was operating flight AMF1843,  a visual flight rules scheduled cargo flight. The pilot was not injured. Visual meteorological conditions were reported at the time of the accident, and company flight following procedures were in effect. The flight originated at the Price-Carbon County Regional Airport (PUC), Utah about 18:25 destined for Salt Lake City, Utah. An Antonov 2 was destroyed when it impacted Abatova Mountain in the Kemerovo Region in Russia. All three crew members were killed. The aircraft was being ferried from the operator's  base in Krasnodar to Irkutsk. Refueling stops were planned at Evsino, Novosibirsk Region and Krasnoyarsk.The Gulfstream G650ER was damaged beyond repair by a severe hailstorm while parked at Colorado Springs Airport, Colorado, USA.An Embraer EMB-505 airplane, N362FX, was substantially damaged during a runway excursion on landing at the Sugar Land Regional Airport (SGR), Texas. The two pilots sustained minor injuries; the sole passenger was not injured. A Fokker 100, operated by Avianca Brazil, registration PR-OAF, suffered a landing accident at Brasília-Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek International Airport, DF (BSB).An Indian Air Force Lockheed C-130J Hercules has crashed 72 miles from Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh. All five crew members died in the accident.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air operated by the Indian State of Haryana Government sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident.A Cessna 500 Citation I, N125DS, was substantially damaged following a runway excursion at Zephyrhills Municipal Airport (ZPH), Florida. The 2 pilots were not injured. The flight originated at Opa Locka, Florida (OPF), about 09:52.A US Airways Airbus A320 sustained substantial damage in an aborted takeoff accident at Philadelphia International Airport, PA (PHL).A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, reportedly operated by Penas Air, sustained damage in a landing accident at Pogapa, Papua.Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia to Beijing, China was reported missing on March 8, 2014. There were 227 passengers and 12 crew members on board.A Falcon 20 jet aircraft crashed off Kish Island, Iran during a calibration flight to test navigation equipment. All four crew members died in the accident.A Falcon 20 jet aircraft crashed off Kish Island, Iran during a calibration flight to test navigation equipment. All four crew members died in the accident.An Antonov 26 transport plane sustained damage in a landing accident in a remote desert area of Hadhramaut, Yemen. Photographic evidence suggests the airplane carried out a gear-up landing, sustaining damage to the propeller tips and fuselage.The aircraft, a Guicango Embraer 120 Brasilia, was damaged in a forced landing accident near Lukapa Airport (LBZ), Lunda Norte, Angola. Local media reports suggest the airplane suffered engine problems en route between Luanda and Dundo. A forced landing was carried out at or near Lukapa Airport.Travel Service Flight TVS4130, a Boeing 737-800, operated on a commercial passenger flight from Prague (Czech Republic), to Montego Bay (Jamaica) with an en route refueling stop at Terceira, Azores. The captain was Pilot Flying. A Libyan Antonov 26 was destroyed in an accident near Grombalia, Tunisia. There were six crew members, two patients and three medics on board the ambulance flight. None of them survived the accident.An ATR 72-600 sustained damage in a in-flight pitch disconnect event near Sydney Australia.The aircraft, a Beechcraft B100 King Air, N811BL, impacted terrain near Pearland, Texas. The private rated pilot, sole occupant, was fatally injured and the airplane was destroyed. Jet2 flight 389 departed from Leeds/Bradford (LBA) at 08:05 UTC. The captain was Pilot Flying (PF). The en route part and descent towards Funchal (FNC), Madeira, were uneventful.Ethiopian Airlines flight ET-702 from Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to Rome, Italy, was hijacked during the flight by the co-pilot.A BAe-748 cargo plane delivering humanitarian aid to South Sudan crash-landed at Rubkona Airport, killing one crew member and seriously injuring three others.A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter operated by Nepal Airlines was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside near Sandhikhark, Nepal. All 18 on board sustained fatal injuries.The Cessna 208 Caravan operated by Skydive Dubai suffered a "technical problem" after takeoff, forcing the pilot to carry out a forced landing in the desert. All aboard escaped unharmed. However a fire broke out which consumed the aircraft.The Cessna 208 Caravan operated by Skydive Dubai suffered a "technical problem" after takeoff, forcing the pilot to carry out a forced landing in the desert. All aboard escaped unharmed. However a fire broke out which consumed the aircraft.On June 29, 2015, a Consolidated PBY-6A Catalina became beached on a sand bar on the shore of Orange Beach, Alabama. The aircraft was being used in the film production of "The U.S.S. Indianapolis: Men of Courage" and had just landed. The aircraft began taking on water and a pump was used to remove the water from the inside of the plane.A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter float plane sank off Kuredu Island Resort, Lhaviyani Atoll, Maldives following a landing accident. All 14 occupants survived the accident.The Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport plane, operated by the Indonesian Air Force's 32 Squadron, was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from Medan-Soewondo Air Force Base. On board were a crew of 12 and 110 passengers. The Shorts 360 sustained substantial damage following a gear up landing at the Kalaeloa Airport, Hawaii. Both pilots were not injured. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed and instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan was filed for the flight check flight which originated from Honolulu International Airport, Hawaii at about 18:50. An Antonov 2 transport plane sustained substantial damage in a ditching accident in a stream near Okcheon, North Chungcheong Province, South Korea.The float equipped DHC-3T Turbine Otter aircraft, operated by Promech Air, was destroyed when it impacted steep, mountainous tree-covered terrain about 25 miles northeast of Ketchikan above Ella Lake in the Misty Fjords area of Alaska. The pilot and eight passengers were killed.An Antonov 2R sustained substantial damage in an accident in the Kezhemsk District, Krasnoyarsk Territory, Russia.The pilot reported that during the takeoff roll, while accelerating through 130 knots, a "faint bump" was felt. The flight crew continued the takeoff and experienced difficulty controlling the airplane, but were able to stabilize the airplane in flight. The flight crew reported that there were no annunciations or warnings on the flight deck, but they were able to identify damage to the leading edge of the right wing.An Antonov 32 transport plane of the Indian Air Force went missing over the Bay of Bengal during a flight from Tambaram Air Base near Chennai to Port Blair on South Andaman Island, India.A Cessna 208B air drop configured airplane, N7581F, sustained substantial damage during a runway excursion after landing on runway 18 at the Baldwin Airport, Wisconsin. The commercial pilot and 14 passengers were not injured. No flight plan was filed and local traffic advisory was requested by the pilot. Visual meteorological conditions with light rain showers prevailed throughout the area. The flight originated from Baldwin Airport about 13:50.The aircraft struck a tree on landing at Burnsville-Mountain Air Airport, NC, according to an FAA statement. Precise circumstances are unknown.A float-equipped Cessna 208B Grand Caravan EX impacted a bridge near Jinshan City Beach, China, destroying the forward fuselage.A Beechcraft Super King Air operating on a local training flight out of Iqaluit Airport, Canada, landed gear-up on runway 16.A Beechcraft B200 Super King Air, N111MQ, was involved in a landing accident at San Juan-Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport (SIG), Puerto Rico. A Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport plane crashed on takeoff from Montijo Air Base, Portugal, killing three of the seven crew members. The aircraft operated on a training flight and was either departing or carrying out a touch and go.Nok Air flight DD9704 sustained substantial damage in a hard landing accident at Loei Airport, Thailand.An Antonov 2 biplane was destroyed in an accident near Novopokrovskoye, Russia. Both pilots were killed. The aircraft impacted terrain during an aerial application flight. A fire developed, which consumed the aircraft.Singapore Airlines flight SQ368 departed Changi Airport at 02:05 local time for a flight to Milan-Malpensa Airport, Italy. An Antonov 2 biplane was engaged in crop spraying flights when the engine began vibrating. The pilot attempted to carry out a forced landing but the aircraft impacted an earthen wall, causing damage to the main landing gear and  right fuel tank.The Canadair CL-215 firefighting aircraft was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing accident. Both pilots were not injured,A Beechcraft Super King Air sustained damage in a landing accident at Lima-Jorge Chavez International Airport (LIM), Peru. The aircraft suffered a left hand main landing gear collapse on landing.A Dornier 228-202 aircraft sustained damaged in a runway excursion at Goma Airport (GOM), D.R. Congo.A float-equipped DHC-3T Turbine Otter airplane, N104BM, struck an eagle while en route at about 2,500 feet and 10 miles northeast of the Homer-Beluga Lake Seaplane Base, Alaska. The two airline pilots sustained no injuries, and the airplane sustained substantial damage. A BAe-146-300 passenger jet suffered a runway excursion accident after landing at Khark Airport (KHK), Iran. The aircraft landed on runway 13 following a domestic flight from Ahwaz.A CASA C-212 Aviocar 400, operated by the Vietnam Coast Guard, was reported missing during a search mission off the Vietnamese coast. On June 14, 2016, during a maintenance C check at Surabaya Airport, a crack was found in the horizontal stabilizer fitting.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan EX was destroyed by a post-impact fire in an accident at Lolat, Papua, Indonesia. The pilot and two passengers escaped before the fuselage was consumed by fire. The aircraft impacted a house while attempting to land. Three residents were injured.The Cessna 560 Citation Ultra went off the side of the runway on landing at Gainesville Municipal Airport, Florida, USA. The nose landing gear collapsed.A maintenance hangar collapse at Atsugi NAS in Japan caused damage to ten Japanese and U.S. P-3 Orion aircraft. The roof collapsed following heavy snowfall.A maintenance hangar collapse at Atsugi NAS in Japan caused damage to ten Japanese and U.S. P-3 Orion aircraft. The roof collapsed following heavy snowfall.An Ilyushin 76 firefighting aircraft was destroyed when it impacted wooded terrain 9 km east-southeast from the settlement of Rybnyi Uyan in the Kachug Region, on the side of a volcanic cone. The Il-76 transport plane was equipped with spray tanks to extinguish wildfires in the Bayanday district of the Irkutsk region. It departed Irkutsk Airport at 10:19 hours and climbed to FL100. En route the pressure was set at 1007 hPa, which had been reported by the air traffic controller. About 11:02 hours the flight crew initated theit descent towards the forest fires. After carrying out a 180 degree turn over a mountainous area, the Ground Proximity Warning System activated several times. The aircraft was flying at a height of about 210 m agl and headed towards one of the higher mountains in the area. At 11:13 the aircraft impacted the wooded slope of the mountain and disintegrated.The Cessna Citation 501SP, registration C-GKPC, was on a flight from Fort Lauderdale Executive, Florida to Stella Maris Airport, Bahamas. On the downwind leg for landing runway 31, the checklist was interrupted, and the aircraft landed with the gear retracted. Unknown how many persons on board, but no injuries reported.A maintenance hangar collapse at Atsugi NAS in Japan caused damage to ten Japanese and U.S. P-3 Orion aircraft. The roof collapsed following heavy snowfall.A maintenance hangar collapse at Atsugi NAS in Japan caused damage to ten Japanese and U.S. P-3 Orion aircraft. The roof collapsed following heavy snowfall.A maintenance hangar collapse at Atsugi NAS in Japan caused damage to ten Japanese and U.S. P-3 Orion aircraft. The roof collapsed following heavy snowfall.The HS-125 was damaged beyond repair when it was blown into a fence during a storm at Bournemouth Airport, U.K. An ATR 42 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a storm at Shannon Airport, Ireland when the left hand main gear collapsed as the airplane was blown over.A BAe-125-700B corporate jet, RA-02801, was damaged in a landing accident at Moscow's Vnukovo Airport (VKO). Both pilots were not injured.An Algerian Air Force Lockheed C-130H Hercules transport plane crashed in a mountainous area near Aïn Kercha, about 30 km south of Constantine Airport, Algeria.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan operated by Federal Air sustained substantial damage in a taxi accident at Mala Mala Airport (AAM), South Africa. None of the 13 occupants were injured.Pegasus Airlines flight PC-751 was en route from Kharkov, Ukraine to Istanbul, Turkey when a Ukrainian passenger rose from his seat 2F, shouted that there was bomb on board and tried to enter the cockpit. He failed to enter the flight deck and stated that he wanted to be flown to Sochi, Russia where the Winter Olympics were being held.The DHC-6-400 suffered a nosegear collapse following a runway excursion accident. The airplane was landing at Anadyr, Russia and was caught by a wind gust, according to media reports. Winds were about 7 m/sec (14 knots) gusting to about 12 m/sec (23 knots) at the time of the accident.An Antonov 32A transport plane suffered a runway excursion accident upon landing at Bor Airport, South Sudan.A Xian MA60 passenger plane, operated by Joy Air, suffered a landing accident at Zhengzhou-Xinzheng International Airport (CGO), China.A Cessna 525 CitationJet corporate jet sustained substantial damage in an accident near Elk City Airport, OK (ELK).A Boeing 737-900 operated by Lion Air was damaged in a bounced landing accident at Surabaya-Juanda Airport (SUB) in Indonesia. There were 225 persons on board. Two passengers suffered serious injuries and three passengers suffered minor injuries.An Airbus A320-231, registration EY-623, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Kulob Airport (TJU), Tajikistan.Before departure and while the airplane was being de-iced by ground crew personnel, the de-icing bucket struck the left side of the fuselage and dislodged a passenger window. As a result, the airplane was substantially damaged and the pressure vessel was compromised. There were no reported injuries.A de Havilland Canada DHC-8-200 operated by Air Greenland was involved in a gear collapse and runway excursion accident at Ilulissat Airport (JAV), Greenland. Flight GL-3205 originated in Kangerlussuaq, Greenland. Three passengers were taken to the hospital for observation, there were no fatalities or serious injuries.A Cessna 500 Citation I corporate jet sustained substantial damage in a bird strike accident near Roskilde, Denmark.A Cessna 500 Citation I corporate jet sustained substantial damage in a bird strike accident near Roskilde, Denmark.A Cessna 500 Citation I corporate jet sustained substantial damage in a bird strike accident near Roskilde, Denmark.En route to San'a, Yemen, in Ethiopian airspace, the airplane sustained an engine problem. The pilots made an emergency landing but the plane crashed on approach to Addis Ababa International Airport. There were no passengers in the airplane. Both pilots were hospitalized.The Romanian BN-2A Islander ambulance plane impacted terrain near Petreasa, Romania. The airplane sustained substantial damage and all seven on board initially survived. The pilot died before a rescue party was able to reach the site. One passenger also succumbed to her injuries.The aircraft, a Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, Trans Guyana Airways Flight 700, on a shuttle operation between Olive Creek and Imbaimadai airstrip, impacted wooded terrain in the Mazaruni area. The airplane was destroyed. The pilot and cargo handler suffered fatal injuries. The aircraft took off from Olive Creek at 10:54, carrying fuel and other supplies for gold mining operations.A McDonnell Douglas DC-9-33RC cargo plane was damaged in a landing accident at Saltillo Airport, Mexico.A Gulfstream 200, N720QS, operated by NetJets Aviation, was substantially damaged when the auxiliary power unit (APU) access door opened in-flight near Savannah, Georgia. Both pilots were not injured. The post-maintenance test flight departed Savannah International Airport, GA (SAV) at 14:36. A Cessna Citation I/SP corporate jet, registered N452TS, crashed while on approach to Trier-Föhren Airport in Germany. All four on board were killed.A South Supreme Airlines Fokker 50 passenger plane sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Aweil Airport, South Sudan. The airplane landed at Aweil following a regular flight from Juba. The nose gear collapsed as the airplane came to rest to the right side off the runway on uneven terrain.A South Supreme Airlines Fokker 50 passenger plane sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Aweil Airport, South Sudan. The airplane landed at Aweil following a regular flight from Juba. The nose gear collapsed as the airplane came to rest to the right side off the runway on uneven terrain.An Airbus A320-231, operated by Air India, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Jaipur International Airport (JAI), India. Flight AI890 was a domestic service from Imphal to Guwahati and Delhi in India.A Boeing 767-300 operated by Saudi Arabian Airlines was damaged in a landing accident at Madinah-Mohammad Bin Abdulaziz Airport (MED), Saudi Arabia. Some 29 passengers were injured.A Boeing 767-300 operated by Saudi Arabian Airlines was damaged in a landing accident at Madinah-Mohammad Bin Abdulaziz Airport (MED), Saudi Arabia. Some 29 passengers were injured.A Boeing 747-451, registration N664US, sustained substantial damage when it encountered severe turbulence and hail while en route over China.The Antonov 2 aircraft impacted a field and burned 2 km from the Mikhailov Farm, Tatsinsky District, Rostov Oblast in Russia. The pilot escaped unharmed but the 14-year old passenger sustained injuries in the accidentAn Eclipse EA500 jet, N508JA, experienced a collapsed landing gear while taxiing to the active runway for departure at Sacramento Executive Airport (SAC), California. The four occupants were not injured. The airplane sustained structural damage to the left wing. Two float-equipped de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft (8Q-MAP and 8Q-TMG) sustained damage in a ground collision accident. 8Q-TMG was attempting to taxy away from the dock when a collision occurred. The no. 1 engine of 8Q-TMG contacted and destroyed a large portion of the rudder of 8Q-MAP. 8Q-TMG sustained damage to the no. 1 engine.A Cessna Citation CJ2+ corporate jet, overran runway 27 at Konan Airport, Japan, upon landing and came to stop in a pond nearby. The pilot, who was the sole occupant was not injured. Konan Airport is former Okayama Airport (OKJ/RJOB) with a single runway 09/27 measuring 1200 m x 30 m (20 m grooving) and 0 ft elevation. After opening of new Okayama Airport in 1988, the airport was renamed as Konan Airport and is used for general aviation. A Dornier 228 operated by the Indian Coast Guard went missing over sea during a surveillance mission.The Provincial Airlines Saab 340 aircraft, operating as flight PVL913, was on approach to landing on runway 27 at Stephenville Airport (YJT). At approximately 100 feet above ground level the visibility began to drop due to drifting snow but the crew could still see the runway. On touchdown the crew could still see the runway however, when reverse thrust was selected the loose snow was blown around and the crew lost sight of the runway side lights. The aircraft's left main landing gear then struck a snowdrift in the un-plowed section of the runway. The aircraft was stopped after completely entering the snowdrift. Both propellers were damaged. There were no injuries.A DHC-3T Texas Turbine Otter, experienced an anomalous in-flight vibration during cruise flight in the vicinity of Skwentna, Alaska. The airline transport pilot was not injured, and the airplane sustained substantial damage to the right elevator. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed in the area. The flight departed Anchorage, Alaska about 1200, enroute to an off-airport landing strip near Big River, Alaska.A Swearingen SA226-TC Metro II turboprop aircraft was destroyed when it burst into flames after impacting the side of a highway, shortly after takeoff from Querétaro Airport (QRO), Mexico. All five on board suffered fatal injuries, according to authorities.A Bombardier DHC-8-315, JA727B operated by the Japan Coast Guard (JCG) took off from Hanamaki Airport  at 13:58 local time for a training flight. The captain, who was an instructor, sat in the right seat and the trainee in the left seat for training to obtain the type rating for First Officer certification in the Japan Coast Guard. A Cessna 208B, 5Y-NKV, sustained substantial damage in an accident at Mandeng Airstrip, South Sudan.An Antonov 2 biplane sustained substantial damage when it impacted a church during a forced landing accident at Sanamer, Stavropol Territory, Russia.The Antonov 2R aircraft took off from Kattleberg Airport, Sweden at 13:12 on 16 May, bound for Klaipeda, Lithuania. ETA was circa 17:20 hours. Last contact was at 15:16 when the aircraft was 97 nm offshore. No problems were reported.Two float-equipped de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft (8Q-MAP and 8Q-TMG) sustained damage in a ground collision accident. 8Q-TMG was attempting to taxy away from the dock when a collision occurred. The no. 1 engine of 8Q-TMG contacted and destroyed a large portion of the rudder of 8Q-MAP. 8Q-TMG sustained damage to the no. 1 engine.A Xian MA60, B-3476, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Fuzhou Airport (FOC), China.A Boeing 737-322 (WL) operated by SCAT sustained substantial damage in a ground fire accident at Aktau Airport (SCO), Kazakhstan.Reportedly burnt out at Dahra Oilfield in Libya.An Airbus A400M Atlas military transport plane was destroyed when it crashed near Sevilla Airport (SVQ), Spain during a test flight. Two of the six crew members survived the accident.The IL-76 was struck during a Saudi Arabia-led coalition attack on San'a International Airport (SAH), Yemen. The airplane was consumed by fire.A Boeing 737-330 operated by Lufthansa sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Katowice-Pyrzowice Airport (KTW), Poland.The Boeing RC-135V Rivet Joint, assigned to the 343rd Reconnaissance Squadron, 55th Wing, experienced a fire in the rear cabin during initial takeoff from runway 12 at Offutt AFB.On the April 28, 2015 a Saudi Arabia-led coalition attacked the San'a International Airport in Yemen. The military operation named "Restoring Hope", targeted Houthi rebels who had vowed to dislodge President Abdrabbu Mansour Hadi.On the April 28, 2015 a Saudi Arabia-led coalition attacked the San'a International Airport in Yemen. The military operation named "Restoring Hope", targeted Houthi rebels who had vowed to dislodge President Abdrabbu Mansour Hadi.The aircraft was undertaking target towing operations for a military exercise and was recovering the target whilst flying in an assigned danger area over the English Channel.A BAe-125-700 jet crashed into the waters off Puerto Colombia, Colombia after being intercepted by a Colombian Air Force plane after illegally flying into Colombian airspace.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, YV2803, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Maracaibo-La Chinita International Airport (MAR), Venezuela.The Antonov 2 biplane was destroyed in an accident in the Azov District, Rostov Oblast, Russia. The aircraft operated on a skydiving flight and just one of the 13 occupants was injured.An Airbus A320-232 operated by THY Turkish Airlines sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Istanbul-Atatürk International Airport (IST), Turkey.The Lockheed AC-130J Ghostrider, assigned to the USAF's 413th Flight Test Squadron, 96th Test Wing, departed controlled flight over water to the south of Eglin AFB and then was recovered and landed safely. There were no significant injuries to the crew. Post-flight engineering analysis revealed that the mishap aircraft exceeded the Design Limit Load (DLL), thus rendering it unsafe for further flight. A Swearingen SA227-AC Metro III, N2691W, operating as Key Lime flight 168, was substantially damaged after an uncontained engine failure during climb at Rifle, Colorado. The pilot was not injured. Dark night instrument meteorological conditions (IMC) prevailed at the time of the accident and an instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan had been filed for the cargo flight. The airplane departed from Garfield County Regional Airport (RIL), Colorado, at 22:37 and was destined for Denver International Airport (DEN), ColoradoA Swearingen SA227-AC Metro III, N2691W, operating as Key Lime flight 168, was substantially damaged after an uncontained engine failure during climb at Rifle, Colorado. The pilot was not injured. Dark night instrument meteorological conditions (IMC) prevailed at the time of the accident and an instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan had been filed for the cargo flight. The airplane departed from Garfield County Regional Airport (RIL), Colorado, at 22:37 and was destined for Denver International Airport (DEN), ColoradoUPS flight 5X61 suffered a runway excursion and nose gear collapse in a takeoff accident at Seoul-Incheon International Airport (ICN). The aircraft, an McDonnell Douglas MD-11F cargo plane was bound for Anchorage, Alaska. UPS flight 5X61 suffered a runway excursion and nose gear collapse in a takeoff accident at Seoul-Incheon International Airport (ICN). The aircraft, an McDonnell Douglas MD-11F cargo plane was bound for Anchorage, Alaska. While loading passengers the tail stand collapsed. The aircraft sustained substantial damage.The BAe-125-800B corporate jet sustained substantial damage when it impacted trees while on approach to Neryungri Airport (NER), Russia. There were no injuries among the five passengers and three crew members.An Antonov 30A-100 aircraft, registration TN-AHP, was involved in runway excursion accident at Yambio Airport in South Sudan.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registration PK-ICC, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Ilaga Airport, Indonesia.Vueling flight VY8749 was involved in a mishap with a pushback tug at Manchester Airport, U.K. The aircraft, an A320, impacted the tug on the right hand side of the airplane.A Cessna 501, N804ST, lost cabin pressurization during cruise at flight level 430 and entered an uncontrolled descent near Texarkana, Arkansas. The pilot regained consciousness and control of the airplane about 7,000 feet mean sea level and landing without further incident. The airplane sustained substantial damage to both wings due to the excessive loads on the wings during the descent/recovery. The airline transport pilot, who was the sole occupant, was uninjured. An Antonov 12B cargo plane, operated by  Silk Way Airlines, crashed on takeoff from Camp Dwyer in Afghanistan. Seven of the nine crew members were killed in the accident. On board were the crew Uzbek captain, three citizens of Ukraine and five Azerbaijani nationals.EgyptAir flight MS804, an Airbus A320 impacted the Mediterranean Sea some 200 km north of the Egyptian coast line.A Cessna 208 Caravan I aircraft sustained substantial damage in a forced landing near Tequesquitengo, Mexico.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan sustained substantial damage in a forced landing in a vineyard, shortly after takeoff from Lodi Airport, California. The pilot suffered a minor injury, but none of the 17 skydivers on board were injured.Air France flight AF1084 was taxiing towards the departure runway at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. The aircraft, an Airbus A320,A Gulfstream G-IV, N450KK, was substantially damaged during a cabin over-pressurization event over the Caribbean Sea while en route to Fort Lauderdale-Executive Airport, Florida (FXE). The pilots were not injured. The airplane was operated by a private company. Day, visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and an instrument flight rules flight plan was filed. The flight originated at Caracas-Simón Bolívar International Airport, Venezuela about 16:30.A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737-8H4, registration N8327A, was damaged in a tail strike while landing on runway 25L at Las Vegas-McCarran International Airport, NV (LAS) in calm winds and good visibility.The aircraft touched down with 2.4 g on landing at the Barneo ice strip, causing the right main gear to partially collapse. It was decided to abandon the aircraft on the ice.An overnight storm caused the collapse of Hangar No. 9 at Wichita-Colonel James Jabara Airport, Kansas. Six aircraft were parked inside the hangar at the time of the collapse. An overnight storm caused the collapse of Hangar No. 9 at Wichita-Colonel James Jabara Airport, Kansas. Six aircraft were parked inside the hangar at the time of the collapse. An overnight storm caused the collapse of Hangar No. 9 at Wichita-Colonel James Jabara Airport, Kansas. Six aircraft were parked inside the hangar at the time of the collapse. A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, registration 5Y-JLL, was involved in an accident according to Kenyan aviation sources.An overnight storm caused the collapse of Hangar No. 9 at Wichita-Colonel James Jabara Airport, Kansas. Six aircraft were parked inside the hangar at the time of the collapse. An overnight storm caused the collapse of Hangar No. 9 at Wichita-Colonel James Jabara Airport, Kansas. Six aircraft were parked inside the hangar at the time of the collapse. Two Boeing 737-8AS (WL) aircraft operated by Ryanair suffered a winglet/elevator strike while taxiing at Dublin Airport, Ireland. An overnight storm caused the collapse of Hangar No. 9 at Wichita-Colonel James Jabara Airport, Kansas. Six aircraft were parked inside the hangar at the time of the collapse. Two Boeing 737-8AS (WL) aircraft operated by Ryanair suffered a wingtip strike while taxying at Dublin Airport, Ireland. At the end of March 2015 a Saudi Arabia-led coalition attacked several targets within Yemen. The military operation named "Decisive Storm", targeted Houthi rebels who had vowed to dislodge President Abdrabbu Mansour Hadi.Hurricane winds at Makhachkala Airport (MCX), Russia caused one Antonov 2 to be blown over. The right hand wings broke off as the aircraft was blown over while parked at the airport.On the night of March 25-26, 2015 a Saudi Arabia-led coalition attacked several targets within Yemen. The military operation named "Decisive Storm", targeted Houthi rebels who had vowed to dislodge President Abdrabbu Mansour Hadi.An Airbus A320, registration C-FTJP operating as Air Canada Flight AC624 from Toronto Pearson International suffered a landing accident at Halifax Stanfield International Airport (CYHZ), Nova Scotia. The airplane sustained substantial damage. 23 occupants were injured.On the night of March 25-26, 2015 a Saudi Arabia-led coalition attacked several targets within Yemen. The military operation named "Decisive Storm", targeted Houthi rebels who had vowed to dislodge President Abdrabbu Mansour Hadi.The Cessna 208B, N106BZ, collided with terrain and trees during an off airport forced landing in Verdigris, Oklahoma. The force landing was a result of a loss of engine power during an en route climb. The pilot received minor injuries and the passenger was not injured. The airplane was substantially damaged. The aircraft was owned and operated by the pilot as post maintenance test flight. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the flight. The flight originated from the Tulsa International Airport, Oklahoma, at 15:00.An Antonov 2 biplane was destroyed when it impacted terrain and burned in Promin Village, Ukraine. Both occupants were killed.A Dornier 228 surveillance aircraft operated by the Indian Naval Air Arm crashed into the Indian Ocean, 46 km off the coast of Goa, India. There were three crew members on board. One was rescued, one was found dead and another crew member was still missing as of March 26. An Airbus A320 operated by Germanwings was destroyed in an accident in a mountainous area in southern France. All 144 passengers and six crew members were killed.In clashes between rival militias, the Yemeni presidential Boeing 747SP was sprayed with bullets from gunfire from forces loyal to Ali Abdullah Saleh. Satellite images of May 23 show the aircraft destroyed on the tarmac. This likely happened in an attack on the airport just prior to that date. This attack also destroyed a Boeing 737-200, registration TL-ADR, that had been stored at the airport since at least June 2011.On 14 March 2015, at about 07:50 LT an Airbus A330-343 aircraft operated by Malaysia Airlines, began its final approach to runway 34 at Melbourne Airport in Australia. The flight was a regular passenger service from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia to Melbourne. The flight crew consisted of a captain, who was the pilot flying (PF) and a first officer, who was pilot monitoring (PM).Gulfstream Aerospace G-IV, registered JA001G, operated by the Japan Civil Aviation Bureau of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT), took off from Obihiro Airport at 11:16 hours local time. Purpose of the flight was to carry out flight inspections to confirm the required performance of aeronautical navigation facilities. The captain was Pilot Flying.The aircraft planned to fly from Avignon Airport, France to Blackpool Airport, with two flight crew and two passengers. The co-pilot performed the external checks; this included checking the fluid level in the hydraulic reservoir. The aircraft was refuelled to 3,000 lb and, after the passengers boarded, it departed for Blackpool. The commander was the pilot flying (PF).A Cessna 208B airplane, N12155, struck approach lights during an instrument approach and landing at Muskegon County Airport, Michigan. The pilot, the sole occupant on board, was not injured, and the airplane sustained substantial damage. Air France flight AF1084 was taxiing towards the departure runway at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. The aircraft, an Airbus A320,American Airlines flight AA423 returned to land at Phoenix-Sky Harbor International Airport, AZ (PHX) following a bird strike on departure. The aircraft, an Airbus A321-211, took off  from runway 25R at 01:17 hours local time, bound for Charlotte-Douglas International Airport, NC (CLT). About 01:22 the flight contacted the Phoenix Departure controller, stating: "we just took a large bird strike". The flight crew decided to return to Phoenix Airport and received radar vectors back to the airport. The aircraft, a Conair Aviation Convair CV-580 (turboprop conversion 340-32) engaged in fire suppression activities, experienced a loss of directional control and subsequent runway excursion upon landing at Manning Airport (CFX4), Manning, Alberta. The airplane sustained substantial damage and the two pilots onboard received minor injuries.An Antonov 2 biplane, N2AN, sustained substantial damage during a forced landing, following a reported loss of engine power during approach to the San Bernardino International Airport, California. The airplane was operated by the pilot as a familiarization flight. The commercial pilot and sole passenger were not injured. The airplane departed the Upland-Cable Airport, California, about 11:45. An An-26 operated by the Sudan Air Force crashed, killing all five crew members.An Embraer ERJ-190, registration HC-COX, operated by TAME as Flight EQ173 from Quito's Mariscal Sucre International Airport experienced an apparent intentional emergency ground-loop during a runway overrun in light rain weather conditions at Mariscal Lamar International Airport (SECU), in Cuenca, Ecuador. The airplane sustained substantial damage and there were no reported injuries among the 6 crew and 87 passengers onboard.An Embraer ERJ-190, registration HC-COX, operated by TAME as Flight EQ173 from Quito's Mariscal Sucre International Airport experienced an apparent intentional emergency ground-loop during a runway overrun in light rain weather conditions at Mariscal Lamar International Airport (SECU), in Cuenca, Ecuador. The airplane sustained substantial damage and there were no reported injuries among the 6 crew and 87 passengers onboard.A Swearingen SA226-AT Merlin IVA cargo plane, registered EC-GFK, suffered a landing accident at Gerona-Costa Brava Airport (GRO), Spain. The aircraft operated on a local training flight. Air Canada Express flight AC7804 was involved in a landing accident at Gander Airport, NF (YQX), Canada. The aircraft, a Beechcraft 1900D, was operated by Exploits Valley Air Services and departed Goose Bay, NF at 19:25 local time (22:25 UTC).An Antonov 2 biplane impacted terrain during agricultural operations near the village of Maryevka, Pestravsky District, Russia. The pilot suffered fatal injuries.A BN-2T Islander aircraft impacted terrain short of the runway at Kiunga Airport in Papua New Guinea, killing all 12 persons on board.The DHC-6 Twin Otter sustained substantial damaged when it struck trees after suffering a runway excursion at Fentress, TX.A Douglas DC-3, operated by Arall Colombia, was destroyed by fire following a forced landing near Puerto Gaitán, Colombia. The three occupants were injured. A British Aerospace U-125 of the Japan Air Self-Defence Force was destroyed in an accident in mountainous terrain near Kanoya Air Base, Japan with 6 persons on board. The aircraft was attached to the Hiko Tenkentai Flight Check Squadron based at Iruma Air Base. The accident plane took off from Iruma at 08:49 for a check flight to Kanoya Air Base, and after planned check at Kanoya in the morning, it landed at Kanoya at 12:06.  After refueling, the plane took off at 13:15, and performed the remaining check of the JAT TACAN.  At 14:31, the plane began the 'alignment orbit check' following a low pass over runway 08R.  In this check, the plane lost radar contact while flying an anti-clock-wise 6nm arc with an altitude of 3000 feet after climbing from 2500 feet. A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, operated by Two Táxi Aéreo, sustained substantial damage in a forced landing shortly after takeoff from Macapá Internacional Airport, Brazil.Batik Air flight ID7703, operated by a Boeing 737-800 with registration PK-LBS, collided with an ATR-42-600 aircraft on takeoff from runway 24 at Jakarta-Halim Perdana Kusuma Airport (HLP), Indonesia. Dark, night time conditions existed at the time of the accident.Batik Air flight ID7703, operated by a Boeing 737-800 with registration PK-LBS, collided with an ATR-42-600 aircraft on takeoff from runway 24 at Jakarta-Halim Perdana Kusuma Airport (HLP), Indonesia. Dark, night time conditions existed at the time of the accident.An Antonov 2R biplane sustained substantial damage in an accident near Aksarino. The aircraft impacted terrain while engaged in agricultural operations. The aircraft carried 1200 kg of fertilizer which was being applied on behalf of the Agros Group.Three passengers were killed when a Cessna 208B Grand Caravan, XA-ULU, crashed near San Ignacio, Mexico.A DHC-8-400 operated by SpiceJet sustained damage in a landing accident at Hubli Airport (HBX), India.A Let L-410UVP-E20, registration E7-WDT, was damaged in a landing accident at Ancona-Falconara Airport (AOI), Italy. The three crew members were not injured.Delta Air Lines flight 1086, a McDonnell Douglas MD-88, N909DL, was landing on runway 13 at New York-LaGuardia Airport (LGA) when it departed the left side of the runway, contacted the airport perimeter fence, and came to rest with the airplane's nose on an embankment next to Flushing Bay. The 2 pilots, 3 flight attendants, and 98 of the 127 passengers were not injured; the other 29 passengers received minor injuries. The airplane was substantially damaged. A BAe ATP cargo plane sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Wamena Airport (WMX), Indonesia.An Airbus A330-303, operated by THY Turkish Airlines, suffered a runway excursion accident upon landing at Kathmandu-Tribhuvan Airport (KTM), Nepal.A Challenger 601-3A corporate jet, N600NP, experienced a landing overrun and subsequent collapse of the nose landing gear at the Marco Island Airport (MRK), Florida. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time and an IFR flight plan was filed for the flight from Marathon-Florida Keys Airport (MTH), Florida. The airplane sustained substantial damage. The airline transport pilot and co-pilot, 1 flight attendant, and 4 passengers were not injured, 1 passenger sustained serious injuries, and 1 passenger sustained minor injuries. The flight originated from MTH about 15:54.A Cessna 208B, N989FX, was substantially damaged when its empennage struck the ground while taxiing at Baltimore Washington International Airport (BWI), Maryland. The pilot was not injured. Night visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and an instrument flight rules flight plan was filed for the flight, which originated from Newark Liberty International (EWR), New Jersey and was destined for BWI. Jazz Aviation flight JZA7795 was a scheduled domestic flight from Toronto/Lester B. Pearson International Airport, Canada, to Sault Ste. Marie Airport.After the aircraft took off from London-Gatwick Airport, the landing gear was selected up but the gear position indicators remained red, indicating that the landing gear was not in the position selected. The crew followed the emergency checklist and selected gear down and the indications changed to green, indicating that the landing gear was now down-and-locked.The aircraft was under overhaul with Aviakor at Samara when a fire erupted, resulting in deformations of fuselage frame and wing spar. A repair was deemed economically not viable. The exact date of the occurrence is thought to have been on or around Feb. 18, 2015.The Airbus A300B4-605R(F) cargo plane, A6-JIM, was parked on the platform at Sharjah Airport (SHJ) when the nose landing gear retracted, causing the nose to contact the ground. The left hand forward door was open and separated from the fuselage.An Antonov 26B, registration EW-246TG sustained substantial damage in a ground accident at Kiev-Borispol Airport (KBP), Ukraine.An Antonov 26B, registration EW-246TG sustained substantial damage in a ground accident at Kiev-Borispol Airport (KBP), Ukraine.The Antonov 26 force landed in a field following a loss of engine power on takeoff from Quelimane Airport, Mozambique. An Antonov 32 transport plane of the National Air Force of Angola was destroyed in a landing accident at Malange Airport (MEG), Angola.Two de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft, N30EA and N70EA were both parked right next to each other, wing-tip to wing-tip at Sebastian Municipal Airport, Florida. N30AE was parked on the right side of N70AE. A Beechcraft 1900 was destroyed in an accident shortly after takeoff from Miami Executive Airport, FL (TMB) in Florida. All four occupants sustained fatal injuries.An Antonov 26 transport plane sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Rostov Airport (ROV), Russia.EgyptAir flight 181, a domestic flight from Alexandria to Cairo, was hijacked by a male passenger. The aircraft, an Airbus A320, departed Alexandria-Borg El Arab Airport (HBE) about 06:30 (04:30 UTC). The aircraft was descending towards Cairo International Airport when it was hijacked. The aircraft turned to the left and headed north. An uneventful landing was carried out on runway 04 at Larnaca Airport, Cyprus, at 07:45 hours (05:45 UTC). After landing the aircraft taxied to Apron 2, where it parked at the engine run area.Bek Air flight Z92041 performed a nosegear-up landing at Astana International Airport, Kazakhstan. The aircraft suffered a runway excursion after landing on runway 07 at Río Grande Airport, Argentina. It departed the right side of the runway.The aircraft suffered a runway excursion after landing on runway 07 at Río Grande Airport, Argentina. It departed the right side of the runway.A Boeing 737-800 aircraft, operated by flydubai as Flight FZ981 from Dubai, impacted airport terrain during a second approach attempt in bad weather to Rostov-On-Don Airport in Southern Russia. The airplane was destroyed and the 55 passengers and 7 crew fatally injured.A Cessna AC-208B Combat Caravan operated by the Iraqi Air Force, was destroyed when it crashed near Kirkuk, Iraq. All three on board were reported dead.An IAI Arava 201 transport plane carrying three crew members and 19 skydivers crashed in Pastaza Province, Ecuador. All aboard were killed.The Raytheon 400A, N465FL, was substantially damaged during a runway excursion while landing at Rome-Richard B. Russell Regional Airport (RMG), Georgia. The pilot was uninjured and the co-pilot received minor injuries. A Britten-Norman BN-2B-20 Islander sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Saint-Barthélémy Airport.An Antonov 26 cargo plane, operated by True Aviation, crashed in shallow waters of the Bay of Bengal shortly after takeoff from Cox's Bazar Airport (CXB), Bangladesh. Three Ukrainian crew members died in the crash and another was critically injured. A Beechcraft B300 Super King Air 350 operated by the US Army crash-landed in field near Kawrgosk, Iraq.Jet Airways flight 9W354 was involved in a landing accident at Mumbai-Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (BOM), India. The accident happened while the aircraft landed on runway 27 following a regularly scheduled service from Delhi. Photos from the scene show the aircraft with the no.2 engine resting on the ground. The right hand main landing gear strut penetrated the wing.A South African Air Force Caravan aircraft crash landed on a private farm just past midnight whilst on a routine night flying exercise at Air Force Base Langebaanweg. The pilots were recovered by the Base Rescue Capability. Both pilots sustained varying degrees of injuries and they are currently hospitalized.Wiggins Airways Flight WIG1090 diverted to Bangor Airport, Maine after encountering severe turbulence. A CN-235M-VIP, operated by the Royal Malaysian Air Force, crash-landed in shallow waters in a swampy beach area off Kuala Selangor, Malaysia. The aircraft caught fire but all eight crew members survived.Three people were injured when the Cessna 525 Citation M2 caught fire inside a hangar at the Cessna Citation Service Center at Orlando International Airport.A Lockheed L-100-30 Hercules transport plane, operated by Lynden Air Cargo, diverted to Iliamna Airport, Alaska following a rapid in-flight decompression.A Viking Air DHC-6 Twin Otter 400, operating Tara Air flight 193, was destroyed in an accident in the Myagdi district, Nepal. All 23 on board suffered fatal injuries.A Beechcraft 1900D, operating on a check flight, was destroyed when it impacted a field shortly after takeoff from Naypyidaw International Airport (NYT), Myanmar. The aircraft burst into flames and was consumed by fire. One occupant survived the accident, but died later of his injuries.Upon departure from stand No 26, the pilot requested to remove the chocks. The plane began to roll back and the main gear ran into a gutter. The rear fuselage came to rest on the ground.A TransAsia ATR-72-600 operating as flight GE235 from Taipei to Kinmen Island impacted a highway viaduct and the waters of the Keelung River near New Taipei City shortly after takeoff. Forty-three occupants on board the airplane suffered fatal injuries. Fifteen were injured.A TransAsia ATR-72-600 operating as flight GE235 from Taipei to Kinmen Island impacted a highway viaduct and the waters of the Keelung River near New Taipei City shortly after takeoff. Forty-three occupants on board the airplane suffered fatal injuries. Fifteen were injured.An aircraft, reported by Venezuelan media to be a Challenger 601 jet registered N214FW, crashed off the coast of Aruba, killing all aboard.An aircraft, reported by Venezuelan media to be a Challenger 601 jet registered N214FW, crashed off the coast of Aruba, killing all aboard.An aircraft, reported by Venezuelan media to be a Challenger 601 jet registered N214FW, crashed off the coast of Aruba, killing all aboard.Flydubai flight FZ215 from Dubai, was hit by small arms fire as it approached Baghdad International Airport in Iraq. The airplane was on approach to runway 15L when it was hit. A safe landing was carried out at 13:50 UTC (16:50 local).A Britten-Norman BN-2T Islander sustained substantial damage in a forced landing in the Dawlatabad District of Balkh Province in Afghanistan. Both crew members survived.A Syrian Air Force Antonov 26 transport plane crashed near Abu adh Dhuhur Air Base, killing all on board.A Bombardier Global 5000 corporate jet, registration RP-C9363, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Tacloban Airport (TAC), Philippines. The sixteen occupants of the plane were not injured.A Bombardier Global 5000 corporate jet, registration RP-C9363, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Tacloban Airport (TAC), Philippines. The sixteen occupants of the plane were not injured.A Bombardier Global 5000 corporate jet, registration RP-C9363, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Tacloban Airport (TAC), Philippines. The sixteen occupants of the plane were not injured.A Bombardier Global 5000 corporate jet, registration RP-C9363, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Tacloban Airport (TAC), Philippines. The sixteen occupants of the plane were not injured.A DHC-6-300 Twin Otter, PK-YRU, was damaged in a landing incident at Enarotali Airport, Indonesia. The airplane suffered a runway excursion while landing in strong winds and ran into a ditch.A DHC-6-300 Twin Otter, PK-YRU, was damaged in a landing incident at Enarotali Airport, Indonesia. The airplane suffered a runway excursion while landing in strong winds and ran into a ditch.A Boeing 737-400 cargo plane, operated by Ethiopian Airlines for ASKY Airlines, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion on landing at Accra-Kotoka Airport (ACC), Ghana. The three crew members were taken to hospital.An Antonov 26B transport plane sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Magadan-Sokol Airport (GDX), Russia.A Skyward Fokker 50, registration 5Y-SIB, performing a cargo flight from Wajir to Nairobi-Wilson Airport was on downwind runway 07, when the crew received indication that the left main gear did not extend and lock in the down position. The crew aborted the approach and opted to extend downwind and then entered a hold, where it was confirmed the gear had not extended.A Beechcraft B100 King Air was on approach to Montreal-St. Hubert Airport, Canada, when the flight crew received an indication that the undercarriage was not properly deployed.An Airbus A321-111, operating Daallo Airlines flight D3 159, suffered an in-flight explosion about 15 minutes after takeoff from Mogadishu Airport, Somalia when the aircraft was at about 12,000 feet. The explosion occurred on the right hand side of the aircraft, just behind the R2 door, at or around seat 16F. A large hole was blown in the fuselage and one passenger fell out of the aircraft and was killed. Two other passengers were injured. An Airbus A321-111, operating Daallo Airlines flight D3 159, suffered an in-flight explosion about 15 minutes after takeoff from Mogadishu Airport, Somalia when the aircraft was at about 12,000 feet. The explosion occurred on the right hand side of the aircraft, just behind the R2 door, at or around seat 16F. A large hole was blown in the fuselage and one passenger fell out of the aircraft and was killed. Two other passengers were injured. A Rockwell Sabreliner 80 sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Querétaro Airport (QRO), Mexico.The MD-83 aircraft sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident upon landing on runway 31R at Mashhad Airport (MHD), Iran.The Cessna Caravan floatplane suffered a landing accident at Chance Bay near Whitsunday Island, Queensland, Australia.The Dassault Falcon 20 sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Scottsdale Airport, Arizona. The four occupants remained unhurt.A Britten-Norman BN-2A Islander, carrying false registration marks 'N90460' was destroyed when it was strafed by the Colombian Air Force.A Cessna 525 CitationJet CJ1 was destroyed following an airframe in-flight breakup and impact with a snow covered field near Cedar Fort, Utah. Both occupants died in the accident.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan suffered substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Hooper Bay Airport, Alaska.Flight SW304 suffered a bird strike upon during the approach to Windhoek-Hosea Kutako International Airport in Namibia. The impact caused a large hole on the right hand side of the fuselage just in front of the wing.The pilot reported that he parked the airplane and shut down the requisite systems, then proceeded to the back of the airplane to allow the passengers to disembark and set the wheel chocks. He reported that as he began to open the cabin door, he realized that the airplane was rolling backwards. The airplane rolled into the wall of the airport terminal and the left and right elevators sustained substantial damage.An ATR-72-500, PR-PDD, sustained substantial damage when it touched down 300 m short of the runway at Rondonópolis Airport, Brazil. The aircraft travelled 30 m through crops and impacted a barbed wire fence. The crew then executed a go around and the aircraft landed safely on the runway thereafter. A Canadair CRJ-200 cargo plane of West Air Sweden was destroyed when it impacted remote terrain near Akkajaure, Sweden. Both pilots were killed.The Douglas C-47 Basler turbine-conversion aircraft sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Tres Esquinas Air Base (TQS) in Colombia.The pilot departed on a positioning flight to a nearby airport to have the flaps examined. The pilot performed the landing checklist, which included extending the landing gear when the airplane was about 7 miles from the destination airport. Upon contacting the control tower, he was informed that the airplane was number two to land and was provided a vector for sequencing. After about 4 minutes, the pilot was instructed to turn toward the airport and cleared to land. The pilot stated that during his preparation for a no flap landing, he forgot that he had retracted and not subsequently lowered the landing gear. During the landing flare, the control tower stated "gear" and he attempted to abort the landing; however, the airplane contacted the runway and slid to a stop, about 2,500 feet beyond the beginning of the runway. A fuel bladder leak resulted in a fire in the area of the left engine nacelle andA CRJ-700 passenger jet, operated by GoJet Airlines, was struck by an airport vehicle while parked in the non-movement area at Chicago-O'Hare International Airport, IL (ORD).A Saab 340B, performing flight BE6821 from Stornoway Airport (SYY) to Glasgow (GLA) suffered a runway excursion upon takeoff. The Cessna 208B Grand Caravan airplane, N540ME, sustained substantial damage after impacting terrain about 6 miles southwest of the Anaktuvuk Pass Airport, Alaska. Of the eight people on board, the pilot and four passengers sustained serious injuries, and three passengers sustained minor injuries. Visual meteorological conditions (VMC) prevailed at the Anaktuvuk Pass Airport at the time of the accident. The flight departed from the Fairbanks Airport, about 10:30, destined for Anaktuvuk Pass. The crew carried out a forced landing in a field when the aircraft ran out of fuel. It broke in two. The baggage pod was destroyed.The crew carried out a forced landing in a field when the aircraft ran out of fuel. It broke in two. The baggage pod was destroyed.The right main landing gear struck the runway threshold upon touchdown and instantly collapsed causing the entire aircraft to skid. A fire erupted but all on board evacuated safely.The no. 2 engine caught fire after takeoff from Boise. The crew of 'Sumit 38' attempted to divert to Mountain Home AFB, ID (MUO), but did not make it. The aircraft crashed approximately 23 minutes after leaving Boise.An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 737 aircraft, on a domestic flight from Bahar Dar to Addis Ababa with 115 passengers and eight crew members, was hijacked by two Ethiopian students. The hijackers ordered the pilot to refuel in Djibouti in order to fly to Sanaa, Yemen. But authorities in Djibouti refused to refuel the aircraft when it landed. After four hours of negotiation, the hijackers surrendered to authorities. The hijackers, who were not in possession of a real weapon, stated they had hijacked the aircraft in order to seek employment in Europe. No injuries were reported.An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 737 aircraft, on a domestic flight from Bahar Dar to Addis Ababa with 115 passengers and eight crew members, was hijacked by two Ethiopian students. The hijackers ordered the pilot to refuel in Djibouti in order to fly to Sanaa, Yemen. But authorities in Djibouti refused to refuel the aircraft when it landed. After four hours of negotiation, the hijackers surrendered to authorities. The hijackers, who were not in possession of a real weapon, stated they had hijacked the aircraft in order to seek employment in Europe. No injuries were reported.A Douglas DC-6, carrying false registration marks XB-JAF, was damaged beyond repair in an accident near Tlahualilo de Zaragoza, Durango, Mexico. A fire erupted and all four on board were killed. The airplane was heading to the north-east at the time of the accident.Damaged beyond repair under unknown circumstances.Two maintenance workers were doing maintenance work on the fuel cells inside the KC-135 tanker when a fire broke out. Both engineers escaped.An HS-748 passenger plane was damaged in a belly landing on runway 29 at Banjarmasin-Sjamsudin Noor Airport (BDJ), Indonesia.Blown against pole by heavy winds. The Shorts ended up upside down and was damaged beyond repair as a result.A CASA C-212 Aviocar military transport plane, operated by the Spanish Air Force, was destroyed when it crashed into the sea shortly after takeoff from Bata Airport (BSG), mainland Equatorial Guinea. None of the three crew members and nineteen passengers survived the accident.The pilot commenced his take-off run from an ice airstrip. The aircraft tended to veer to the right, and the pilot used differential power to keep the aircraft straight. After a ground run of about 300 feet, the aircraft swung sharply to the right and struck a 45-gallon drum used as a runway marker. The aircraft came to rest 200 feet off the side of the runway.The pilot commenced his take-off run from an ice airstrip. The aircraft tended to veer to the right, and the pilot used differential power to keep the aircraft straight. After a ground run of about 300 feet, the aircraft swung sharply to the right and struck a 45-gallon drum used as a runway marker. The aircraft came to rest 200 feet off the side of the runway.The brand-new Dash-8 passenger plane departed Sault Ste. Marie Airport on an IFR flight plan. The chief pilot, sitting in the left seat, was giving routine recurrent training to the first officer who was flying from the right seat. About 40 minutes after takeoff, the DHC-8 returned to the Sault Ste. Marie Airport to practise instrument approaches. For the final practice approach on runway 11, the crew decided to carry out a flapless ILS approach with a full-stop landing. As the aircraft intercepted the localizer on the inbound leg, the captain simulated a right engine fire. The captain then lowered the gear normally and the approach was continued on the glide slope and localizer with the left engine torque set at 30 per cent and the right engine torque (simulated failed) set at about 16 per cent. Both pitch levers were advanced to produce 1050 rpm. About 150 feet above the ground, the aircraft made an abrupt uncommanded roll to the right and began to lose altitude. The first officer applied full power to the left engine, and the captain, sensing an increasing sink rate, applied power to the right engine as well. However, the aircraft continued to lose altitude rapidly, and it struck the snow-covered ground short of the runway in a 12-degree nose-up attitude, heading 128 degrees in a 24-degree right-wing-low attitude. The right wing tip hit the ground first, followed by the tail of the fuselage, the right main gear, and the right nacelle. The aircraft bounced about 15 feet and then touched down on the still intact left main gear. The nose gear broke off, and the aircraft bounced another 50 feet forward before sliding to a stop. The tail cone, nose gear and right propeller spinner were found along the wreckage trail. All four propeller blades from the right engine separated from the hub during the crash sequence.Eastern flight 980 was a scheduled flight from Ascuncion (ASU), Paraguay to La Paz (LPB), Bolivia.Crashed.The Hercules struck the sea in a left-wing low attitude with gear and flaps retracted. The airplane was positioning for a visual approach to the coastal airport of Trujillo. Weather at the time of the accident was a 1500 feet ceiling and a visibility of 2,5 km.A Beechcraft UC-12B Huron operated by the U.S. Navy crashed into a housing development area north of Pensacola Regional Airport, FL (PNS). Written off.While en route between Wroclaw and Warsaw, Poland, eight hijackers overpowered and disarmed the six security men aboard and required that the plane be flown to West Berlin-Tempelhof Airport. Two of the security men were Injured. Upon landing the hijackers were taken Into custody by US authorities and turned over to West Berlin authorities. They requested political asylum.Crashed into mountain during missed approach.A few minutes before a brief scheduled stopover at Mérida. Mexico, a hijacker put a razor to the neck of a flight attendant and demanded to be flown to Cuba. The captain advised the hijacker he would be flown to Cuba but they had to stop in Mérida, Mexico because the aircraft was nearly out of fuel. The hijacker agreed and when the aircraft landed a police officer disguised as a mechanic sneaked aboard, disarmed the hijacker and took him into custody.The Lodestar crew tried to make an off airport landing to unload marijuana. A go around was made but during the downwind leg the aircraft descended into the trees and caught fire.A Douglas C-47A cargo plane was destroyed when it crashed while in final approach to Toronto International Airport, ON (YYZ), Canada. Both pilots were killed.A Douglas C-47A cargo plane was destroyed when it crashed while in final approach to Toronto International Airport, ON (YYZ), Canada. Both pilots were killed.Crashed.En route from Lvov to Yerevan, the airplane entered an area of severe turbulence. It landed safely, but had sustained severe structural deformation caused by excessive G loads (+3.05/-0.65). The Tupolev was consequently written off and the airframe was used for fire tests at Yerevan during the investigation into the crash of Tu-134AK CCCP-65120 July 2, 1986 which had been caused by an in-flight fire in the aft equipment bay.Crashed into mountain side during a routine training exercise in support of ships operating in the waters off the Kauai coast.Crashed near Kharkov when trying to divert to the Sokolnikovo Factory 135 airfield following no. 1 engine fire.Shortly after takeoff, the hijacker displayed a small bottle of liquid to a flight attendant and yelled "Cuba" several times. He then went to the rear of the aircraft and locked himself in the lavatory. When the flight attendant asked him what the problem was, he opened the door slightly to show the bottle of liquid and indicated that he could destroy the aircraft. He then handed a flight attendant a note in which he demanded to be flown to Cuba. The captain diverted the aircraft to Havana, Cuba. The hijacker was taken into custody by Cuban authorities.A Boeing 727-222, N7273U, suffered a takeoff accident at Chicago-O'Hare Airport. VASP Flight 168 departed São Paulo for a flight to Fortaleza, with an intermediate stop at Rio de Janeiro (GIG). The first leg of the flight was uneventful. As the flight approached Fortaleza, the crew were cleared to descend from their cruising altitude of FL330 to FL50 (5000 feet). In night-time conditions with the bright lights of the city in front, the captain descended below 5000 feet. Despite two altitude alert system warnings and the co-pilot's warning of the mountains ahead, the captain continued to descend below the minimum descend altitude. The Boeing then struck a wooded mountainside at 2500 feet.Crashed in bad weather.During the 1982 Falklands War (Guerra de las Malvinas) two Learjet 35 jets took off from Comodoro Rivadavia Airport, CB (CRD), Argentina at 08:00 for a photo reconnaissance mission. 'Nardo 1' (Learjet T-24) and 'Nardo 2' (Learjet LV-ONN) climbed to FL400 towards the Falkland Islands.After a local maintenance flight the crew returned to St. Petersburg to practice full stop landings. Shortly after becoming airborne during the second takeoff, the right engine suffered a power loss. The DC-3 climbed to about 50 feet agl, veered right and crashed east of runway 35. The captain had 5 hours as pilot in command of DC-3 airplanes during the last 5 months with 1 hour and 2 takeoff & landings over the last 90 days. This was the first flight in a DC-3 for the co-pilot with no record of any training in the DC-3.An IAI Arava 201 transport plane, operated by the Colombian Air Force, was damaged beyond repair in an accident. Sixteen occupants were injured.An IAI Arava 201 transport plane, operated by the Colombian Air Force, was damaged beyond repair in an accident. Sixteen occupants were injured.The centre wing fuel tank exploded during maintenance. Crashed in poor weather. The airplane carried 49 paratroopers.Lockheed Hercules TC-63 departed Comodoro Rivadavia at 08:53 for a reconnaissance flight near the Falkland Islands/Islas Malvinas. Almost two hours into the flight, near Pebble Island/Isla Borbón, the plane was detected by the radar of the British frigate HMS Minerva. Two patrolling Sea Harrier jets were sent to intercept the C-130. One of the Harriers (XZ451) fired two AIM-9L Sidewinder missiles at the Hercules. The first one missed but the second missile hit the left wing. The pilot continued by firing his 30 mm cannon until the Hercules lost control, crashing into the sea.The Yak-40 touched down with a strong cross wind. The left main gear broke, causing the left wing to touch touched the ground. Consequently the aircraft veered off the runway. A fire erupted. Fourteen passengers were injured in the accident.An Embraer 110P1 Bandeirante sustained substantial damage in a forced landing following a mid-air collision near Barranquilla Airport (BAQ), Colombia. All occupants survived.Suffered an accident at Biarritz and was consequently scrapped.A Boeing 727 operated by Royal Air Maroc was hijacked after takeoff from Athens, Greece. The hijacker had boarded at the start of the flight in Damascus, Syria. He put a pistol to the head of a flight attendant and demanded to see the captain. When in the cockpit he pointed the pistol at the pilot and held a hand grenade in his other hand. He demanded the plane divert to Tunis, Tunisia. He also made various demands forThe aircraft landed heavily, nosegear first, in conditions of rain. The nosegear collapsed and the aircraft skidded off the runway, and broke in two.Overran the runway into a ditch when the reverse thrust and brakes did not operate.The Bandeirante undershot the runway by a mile and crashed into a swamp.Destroyed in ground fire. Authorities reported that the interior was gasoline soaked and ignited by a time-delay fuse involving a pack of matches.Hit trees on a high ground on approach to runway 22 in fog. A.o. improper IFR operation, failure to initiate a go-around and alcoholic impairment were factors.Hit trees on a high ground on approach to runway 22 in fog. A.o. improper IFR operation, failure to initiate a go-around and alcoholic impairment were factors.While airborne a hijacker entered the cockpit and brandishing a knife demanded to be flown to Cuba. He claimed there were several bombs aboard which he could detonate at will. The co-pilot struggled with the hijacker and was wounded in the process. With the help of some of the passengers the hijacker was subdued upon landing at Villavicencio, Colombia. He was taken into custody by Colombian officials. Search of the aircraft failed to reveal any explosives devices.The Twin Otter crashed 1320 feet short of runway 13 onto hard-packed snow and ice.The ski-equipped Twin Otter plane had just landed to drop off tourists on a spot on the North Pole. As the aircraft came to a stop, the landing gear broke through the ice. The aircraft was evacuated before it sank through the ice. One source claimed the accident happened May 9th.The aircraft landed in a wheat field while returning to the airport, after the no. 2 engine failed at 300 feet. on climbout.The An-24 operated on a training flight from Petrovsk. A no.1 engine failure was simulated as the aircraft approached Petrovsk Airport. The aircraft descended below the glide path and lost speed. This lead to a stall, causing the aircraft to impact the ground near the runway threshold as the height was insufficient for recovery. A post-impact fire erupted.The C-130 had departed Little Rock AFB on a local training mission. It was descending from 3000 feet to 2000 feet to join four other aircraft in an "in-trail formation" when a wing failed. Control was lost and the airplane crashed in a wooded area.Flew into the side of a cloud-shrouded mountain. Faulty altimeter setting.An Aeronica was approaching the airport of Corn Island, Nicaragua when five men armed with pistols and hand grenades went to the cockpit and commandeered the aircraft.Crashed.A Dash 7 passenger plane, operated by Alyemda, crashed into the sea some 2 km from the Aden International Airport (ADE), Yemen. Of the 49 occupants, 23 were killed.The An-2 biplane operated on a flight from Kemerovo to Tashtagol with an en route stop at Novokuznetsk. During the last leg of the flight, below-minima weather conditions (low clouds and rain) were encountered. The airplane deviated to the left of the prescribed flight path by 8 km and impacted the wooded slope of cloud-covered Mount Pustag at a height of 1,050 metres.The DC-3 tried to takeoff from a slush-covered runway in snowy weather. The aircraft didn't gain enough speed, so the takeoff was aborted. The remaining runway length appeared to be too short: the aircraft overran into a ditch.The Learjet entered an uncontrolled descent for undetermined reasons while descending from FL410 to FL390. The aircraft was en route from Teterboro to Orlando.The Learjet entered an uncontrolled descent for undetermined reasons while descending from FL410 to FL390. The aircraft was en route from Teterboro to Orlando.Two Shorts SC.7 Skyvan 3M-400 transport planes (PA-50 and PA-54) of the Argentine Navy were immobilized by British naval gunfire on May 3, 1982. Both were damaged beyond repair following British bombardments on June 12.Two Shorts SC.7 Skyvan 3M-400 transport planes (PA-50 and PA-54) of the Argentine Navy were immobilized by British naval gunfire on May 3, 1982. Both were damaged beyond repair following British bombardments on June 12.The Gulf was en route from Cyprus to Tehran at FL370 with the Algerian foreign minister on board when it was shot down by an Iraqi Air Force MiG-25PD fighter aircraft. The crew had been warned by the Air Defence Radar operator who requested the pilot to return to Ankara.Destroyed during the first in British Sea Harrier air raid on Port Stanley Airport (PSY).Destroyed by ground fire.During a cruise climb, the aircrew noted an unusual vibration; however, attempts to isolate the vibration were unsuccessful. While climbing from FL190 to FL250, the flight engineer went aft to observe the engines & props, but noted nothing unusual. A flight attendant went forward to advise the captain that nothing was observed, when the vibration increased in intensity. As she left the cockpit, she peered out the right window and saw the no. 4 prop separate and strike the aircraft. This caused major damage to the lower fuselage and resulted in decompression of the cabin. The flight controls became jammed and the engines would not respond to throttle movement. The autopilot was used for minimal control and the flight crew were able to divert to Anchorage, AK. They were able to climb and descend by retracting and extending the landing gear with the no. 2 eng shut down. The aircraft was landed safety and the engines were shut down to decelerate. The exact cause of the prop separation was not determined since it fell in the ocean during the occurrence.Crashed.The C-119 crashed into the water of Formosa Strait a few minutes after takeoff from Kinmen. The airplane reportedly stalled following shutdown of engine no. 2.Due to bad weather at Palmira, the aircraft diverted to Trinidad. The DC-4 crashed and caught fire on landing.Air Canada Flight 797, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32, was a scheduled flight from Dallas (DFW) to Montreal, Canada, with an en route stop at Toronto (YYZ).Air Canada Flight 797, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32, was a scheduled flight from Dallas (DFW) to Montreal, Canada, with an en route stop at Toronto (YYZ).Garuda's F-28 'Selegan' didn't lift off and overran the runway by 138 m.Damaged beyond repair by shelling.The Shorts 330-100, registered N935MA, operated on a scheduled passenger service from Beaumont Municipal Airport (BMT), Texas to Houston-George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH), Texas. While en route to Houston, the airport was closed in the aftermath of a storm. The flight crew decided to return to Beaumont. One of the flight crew members began securing the airplane. The props were strapped and with the darkening skies he assisted in sandbagging the tires.While enroute to New York, a male passenger stood up in the aisle in the rear of the aircraft and shouted "Cuba" several times and pointed to an object which resembled dynamite hanging from a telephone type cord around his neck. The captain was advised of the situation and diverted the aircraft to Havana, Cuba. The hijacker was taken into custody by Cuban authorities.Written off.Crew did not respond 40 min after takeoff from Vienna, Austria on a flight to Hamburg, Germany. Crashed into Atlantic from FL390 after fuel exhaustion.Destroyed by fire.Destroyed by fire.Destroyed by fire.Destroyed by fire.Sank through the ice while taxiing.At 08:56 Eastern Air Lines Flight 855 departed Miami International Airport en route to Nassau, Bahamas. About 09:15:15, while descending through 15,000 feet, the low oil pressure light on the TriStar's No. 2 engine illuminated. The No. 2 engine was shut down, and the captain decided to return to Miami to land. The airplane was cleared to Miami and began a climb to FL200. While en route to Miami, the low oil pressure lights for engines Nos. 1 and 3 illuminated. At 09:28:20, while at 16,000 feet, the No. 3 engine flamed out. At 09:33:20, the No. 1 engine flamed out while the flightcrew was attempting to restart the No. 2 engine. The airplane descended without power from about 13,000 feet to about 4,000 feet, at which time the No. 2 engine was restarted. The airplane made a one-engine landing at Miami International Airport at 09:46. There were no injuries to the occupants.Crashed from an altitude of 500 feet while executing a missed approach. Reportedly, the tower controller had instructed the Provider to abort the approach because the runway was not clear.Six hijackers demanded to be taken to South Korea. In the process a CAAC crew member was injured after being shot in the leg. The Trident landed on the US Army Camp Page runway at Chunchon. It overran the runway by about 100 m but did not sustain damage. The airplane and passengers were later returned to China. Number of crew and passengers is presumed.The C-47 operated by SATENA made an emergency landing near the Cali-Palmaseca Airport (CLO) due to engine failure shortly after takeoff.A Convair C-131F military transport plane was destroyed when it crashed into shallow water while on an emergency approach to Jacksonville NAS, FL (NIP). All six crew members and fourteen of the fifteen passengers were killed.A Convair C-131F military transport plane was destroyed when it crashed into shallow water while on an emergency approach to Jacksonville NAS, FL (NIP). All six crew members and fourteen of the fifteen passengers were killed.A Convair C-131F military transport plane was destroyed when it crashed into shallow water while on an emergency approach to Jacksonville NAS, FL (NIP). All six crew members and fourteen of the fifteen passengers were killed.Aborted takeoff after engine failure. The accident is also reported to have occurred on May 5, 1983.Captain German Cruz carried out a test flight April 28 following engine overhaul on HC-BAT. After landing he reported that the aircraft did not respond well. The next afternoon HC-BAT was prepared for a domestic flight to Quito. The log book reported the engines had been rechecked and found to be OK. Captain Cruz, also at the controls of flight 832 took off from runway 21. Immediately after rotation one of the engines failed. The captain elected to return to the airport and during the procedure turn the second engine slowly lost power. The Caravalle stalled and crash landed heavily in muddy ground. The aircraft broke in three.A Shin Meiwa PS-1 flying boat, operated by the Japan Maritime Self Defence Force (JMSDF) was involved in a display practice for an upcoming air show.Forced landing with engine on fire. The airplane exploded shortly afterwards because it carried a cargo of explosives.Both thrust reversers deployed during gear retraction on takeoff. The Cessna yawed right, struck the ground and caught fire. The aircraft was washed the day before and reverser circuit breakers which had been pulled were not reset.Strong winds were reported at Flotta as the Twin Otter approached Orkney Island. The aircraft first contacted the airport at 11:56, and was informedFive Kawasaki C-1 transport aircraft of the Japan Air Self-Defence Force (JASDF) were flying in formation from Nagoya-Komaki Air Base to Iruma, Japan.Five Kawasaki C-1 transport aircraft of the Japan Air Self-Defence Force (JASDF) were flying in formation from Nagoya-Komaki Air Base to Iruma, Japan.The crew deviated from the track while flying in mountainous terrain and incorrectly determined its position. The aircraft was cleared to descend to 900 m when it struck a cloud-shrouded mountainside at a height of 2523 m.The no. 2 engine failed during climbout, forcing a return to the airport. While on base leg, the aircraft lost altitude and crashed.A THY Boeing 727 on a domestic flight between Istanbul and Izmir, Turkey, was hijacked by a male passenger. The hijacker, armed with a knife and a bottle he claimed contained explosives, demanded to go Sydney, Australia. The pilot diverted the flight to Athens, Greece to obtain fuel. After landing, the plane was surrounded by police and vehicles, which prevented it from taking off. Negotiations continued with the hijacker for seven hours, during which time he released all passengers but held several crew members hostage in the cockpit. He was finally overpowered by police when they convinced him to partially open the cockpit door. An Athens court sentenced hijacker to a prison term of 13 years and 5 months.Crashed on landing.Displaying pistols and explosives four hijackers demanded the aircraft be diverted to Tegucigalpa, Honduras.The aircraft crashed into a mountain, about 60 km SE of Guilin.Just prior to commencing takeoff the crew forgot to lock the nosewheels to neutral. The Antonov ran off the side of the runway and hit an elevated taxiway which sheared off the landing gear. The fuel tanks ruptured, causing the plane to catch fire.The wing hit the ground while on finals to an Iraqi airfield.The Argosy was damaged beyond repair when the right main gear collapsed on landing.Crashed.Broke through a frozen lake and sank.A Lockheed C-130H Hercules transport plane was destroyed when it crashed near Gevenlik, Turkey. All 27 on board were killed.Caught fire while unloading gasoline. There is some uncertainty regarding the registration; it has also been reported being CF-PWK.About 20 minutes prior to arrival at Miami, FL one man in the front of the plane and one in the rear poured gasoline on the floor and in the restrooms. They demanded to be flown to Cuba.The Viscount flew into a mountain at 7700 feet in stormy weather.Cancelled from the U.S. register on June 26, 1983 as 'destroyed'. The aircraft was registered on March 5, 1982.The Dornier 228-100 prototype, registration D-IFNS, was destroyed when it crashed during a test flight. All three crew members, a Dornier test pilot and two U.K. CAA pilots were killed in the accident.Destroyed when hangar collapsed during a storm with 70-mph winds.Destroyed when hangar collapsed during a storm with 70-mph winds.The F-28 landed in heavy rain, overshot the runway by 700 m and crashed in a field, bursting into flames.The airplane crashed following an on board explosion which occurred at FL137. A fuel pump was probably allowed to run dry, causing it to become overheated due to which fuel vapours ignited.The Islander was damaged beyond repair at an unknown location.While travelling at 95 knots during takeoff from San'a International Airport, an explosion was felt, followed by shimmy and vibrations. The crew, thinking a tyre had exploded, aborted the takeoff. The explosion was in fact caused by an uncontained failure of the stage 1 HP compressor disk of the no. 2 engine. Debris punctured the fuel tank, causing a fire on the right hand side of the aircraft. The propagation of a low cycle fatigue crack on one of the embossments of the disk rim caused the disk fracture.The KC-135 was on an IFR flight plan and was returning to Luke AFB. The crew were carrying out a TACAN runway 3L approach. At the same time a Grumman-American AA-1 Yankee (N6160L) was in the area. The airplane had just departed from Phoenix-Sky Harbor Airport and was flying in a special traffic area where he was requested to be at or below 2000 feet. The AA-1 however, flew at 2500 feet skimming along the cloud base. The KC-135 descended through the cloud deck and collided with the AA-1. The empennage of the KC-135A separated. Control was lost and the airplane crashed inverted. The AA-1 crashed as well.The Twin Otter crashed into the sea following a failure of the fin and rudder at 2000-2500 feet. in moderate turbulence.The An-26 cargo plane flew an unstabilized approach to Minsk. The approach speed was higher than planned and the airplane was above the glide path. The captain continued the approach and the aircraft touched down hard on all three wheels at 5.1 g and at a speed of 250 km/h. The airplane bounced three times and suffered severe structural damage.Crashed during snow storm.Written off.Blown over by tornado.Blown over by tornado.Blown over by tornado.Night check courier flight. The Learjet descended steep and fast for runway 04R and bounced on landing. It banked to the right, hit the ground and burned. Both pilots exposed to marijuana and CO2 in blood from smoking.The Twin Otter contacted another aircraft while taxiing on the ramp. The aircraft was then moved off to the side of the apron area and jacked up so that repairs could be carried out. An unusually strong wind came up a few days later and blew the aircraft over. It was broken up and parted out.An engine failure occurred immediately after takeoff from Poty, at a height of 30 m. The crew were not able to feathered the propeller and the Let 410 began to lose altitude. The crew attempted to complete a forced landing in poor weather conditions directly ahead, but aircraft struck the slope of a hill.While on final approach at night, the pilot reduced engine power to flight idle. At 230 feet (70 m) the pilot added some power, but the speed decayed to an airspeed below VREF. The stick shaker activated, though full power was applied. The 737 touched down 400 m short of the runway, causing the undercarriage to fail.Crashed.Crashed.The DC-9 landed hard in fog 1015 m beyond the runway threshold following an ILS approach. The landing gear collapsed, causing the aircraft to slide off the runway and break up.The aircraft landed 100 m short, when in a 30° bank turn onto final approach. The YS-11 crashed in 40cm deep snow and broke.While enroute to Kabul, the weather deteriorated. The pilot chose to climb to FL185 and continue VFR. The aircraft crashed in an area of showers and thunderstorms.Four hijackers armed with knives demanded to go to Turkey, however, the pilot tricked them into believing the plane was landing in Turkey by flying over the Black Sea in circles and landing at the partially darkened Varna Airport, Bulgaria after sunset. One of the hijackers was reportedly killed by on board security personnel when he threatened a stewardess with a knife.The Trident overran the runway on landing, causing the nosegear to collapse.Crashed.The aircraft crashed and burst into flames.02 APR 1971During a simulated asymmetrical power takeoff, the co-pilot lost control. Thrust was increased, but the engine stalled. The Boeing then rolled left and crashed.A Douglas C-47 operated by the Colombian Air Force went missing on a flight from Puerto Leguízamo Airport (LQM) to Cali, with en route stops at Neiva and Bogotá, Colombia.The aircraft. en route from Caracas, Venezuela to the island of Curacao, was hijacked by two men. The hijackers forced the pilot at gunpoint to land at Isla Margarita, Trinidad. Aruba, and finally Curacao. The hijackers demanded $5 million, a helicopter, and more fuel or they would blow up the aircraft.Pitot tube covers not removed before departure. Takeoff was aborted after a stall warning and the aircraft overran by 100 feet and down a rough embankment which separated the landing gear.Struck house on landing and crashed.The An-2 came in too fast on landing, touched down only 315 m after the runway threshold, overshot the runway and collided with an obstacle.The An-26 suffered a runway excursion on landing at Krasnoselkup. The airplane came to rest 300 m past the runway after colliding with an obstacle.MEA Flight 419 was hijacked about thirty minutes after takeoff from Abu Dhabi. A man entered the cockpit carrying a bottle wrapped in paper which he claimed to be a molotov cocktail. The Lebanese man had been refused a visa to enter Abu Dhabi. He wanted to be flown back to Abu Dhabi, but the pilot convinced him he only had enough fuel to reach Beirut. After hours of negotiations all passengers were released and the hijacked surrendered.While turning from base leg onto final approach the fight controls suddenly collapsed forward and the nose of the aircraft pitched up. The pilot tried to maintain control by using throttle and flap control. The Twin Otter then collided with the terminal building and a vehicle. It appeared that the elevator control cable was rusted and broken at Station 376 and the cable pulley in the area was also damaged. The cable hadn't been inspected for 725.9 hours, while inspection is required every 700 hours. The corrosion process was speeded up by the fact that the aircraft was operated in a high humidity and marine salt environment. The aircraft had also carried large amounts of salt pork and corned beef in the aft cargo compartment, directly above the corroded cable area.While turning from base leg onto final approach the fight controls suddenly collapsed forward and the nose of the aircraft pitched up. The pilot tried to maintain control by using throttle and flap control. The Twin Otter then collided with the terminal building and a vehicle. It appeared that the elevator control cable was rusted and broken at Station 376 and the cable pulley in the area was also damaged. The cable hadn't been inspected for 725.9 hours, while inspection is required every 700 hours. The corrosion process was speeded up by the fact that the aircraft was operated in a high humidity and marine salt environment. The aircraft had also carried large amounts of salt pork and corned beef in the aft cargo compartment, directly above the corroded cable area.The right wing broke off when the Twin Otter crew were forced to make an emergency landing following an engine failure.Immediately after takeoff from Sigonella NAS on the Italian island of Sicily, the aircraft’s no. 3 engine experienced an uncontained failure. Debris was ejected and the caused no. 4 engine to also fail. Debris also severed the elevator trim electrical cables, eliminating any trim during flap retraction. Further debris entered the cargo compartment, starting a fire in a pallet containing paint. The cargo fire produced thick poisonous smoke which made visual control of aircraft extremely difficult. The aircraft entered a steep bank and crashed within 198 seconds of takeoff. The crew of the CL-215 was practicing a landing on the sea near Zadar when the left wing float hit the sea, causing the airplane to capsize and sink.Written off.The An-2 operated on an unauthorised pleasure flight during crop-spraying operations in the Kustanai region of Kazakhstan whenNine young Sikhs hijacked an Indian Airlines plane with guns, axes and a phony bomb. They demanded release of prisoners and money. The hijackers forced the pilot to fly to Pakistan. Among the demands of the hijackers was the release of all Sikhs arrested during the June 4-9 1984 fighting at a Sikh temple, $25 million for the damage done to the temple. and the return of their treasures they claimed were stolen. The demands were not met. The hijackers surrenderedCrashed.Damaged beyond repair on landing. The nose undercarriage collapsed as a result of a hard landing.Reportedly crashed into the sea off Playa Baracoa Airport.The Bandeirante flew into a hill, named Morro de São João, while descending through rain and clouds. The pilot had cancelled IFR and descended VFR. The aircraft had been chartered by Petrobras to fly fourteen employees of four Brazilian television channels to Macaé. From there they would be visiting an off shore oil platform.Two men hijacked the aircraft and forced the pilot to fly to Qatar. The aircraft was refueled in Qatar where the passengers were released. The aircraft then proceeded to Cairo, Egypt with three crewmen aboard.The hijacker, armed with hand grenades, hijacked the aircraft and demanded to go to Taiwan.Not providedThe aircraft touched down to the right of the runway, yawed and slid sideways parallel to the runway before coming to rest on the runway at 90° to the runway heading. The aircraft approached fast and touched down nosegear-first. The Ilyushin bounced four times and, as a consequence, couldn't be brought to a stop on the runway. Destroyed by fire in a hangar.A McDonnell Douglas DC-9-31 operated by USAir, suffered a landing accident at Detroit-Metropolitan Airport, MI.Struck by lorry; damaged beyond repair.The DC-9 bounced 3 times on landing. On the third bounce (5,8 G) the fuselage failed between Station 737 and 756.Indian Airlines flight 266 to Calcutta was forced to fly two holdings due to poor weather at Calcutta Airport.Asymmetric spoiler configuration while on approach to runway 33. Turned right with a bank increasing to 90deg; lost control, crashed and burned.The Nimrod aircraft took off on an exercise Search and Rescue (SAR) sortie from its base at RAF St Mawgan. It was carrying in the bomb bay, as part of the SAR equipment, a normal load of 5 inch reconnaissance flares. In accordance with normal practice, the first navigator switched the flare's release units to live shortly after takeoff. Some 30 seconds later a cockpit indicator warned the crew of a fire in the bomb bay. The captain immediately instructed the co-pilot to fly the aircraft back to base while he transmitted a MAYDAY call and informed the rest of the crew.Flight AI315 to Delhi, India, suffered a No 4 engine fire some five minutes after takeoff from Bangkok, Thailand. Both extinguishing bottles were fired, but the fire warning persisted. Fuel dumping was commenced as the crew prepared to return to Bangkok's Don Muang Airport. Meanwhile the flight engineer noted an actual fire as he went down to the passenger cabin to observe.Loganair flight LC 621 was scheduled to fly from Kirkwall, on Orkney Island, to the Islands of Stronsay and Sanday, departing from Kirkwall at 07:30. Written off.Before takeoff, the crew of flight UA663 noted cumulus clouds and virga in the area. At 13:27, a de Havilland Canada DHC-7 crew reported a 25 kt loss of airspeed, but several other aircraft then took off without reporting a problem. Due to radio congestion, the captain did not query other aircrews, but decided to climb out at V2 plus 20. when the controller cleared US663 for takeoff, he advised the crew of numerous wind shears in 3 quadrants, but used incorrect terminology in issuing the wind shear alert. During takeoff, the aircraft struck an ILS localizer antenna, 1074 ft from the departure end of the runway, and damaged the lower fuselage. When unable to pressurize the aircraft, the crew returned to the airport and landed. Destroyed by fire after an aborted takeoffCrashed.A lone male armed with a hand grenade hijacked a Middle East Airlines Boeing 707 aircraft moments before the aircraft landed at the Larnaca Airport, Cyprus. After landing, all passengers and 5 of the 10 crew members were allowed to deplane. The hijacker stated that he seized the aircraft in retaliation for the Royal Jordanian Airlines (ALIA) aircraft hijacking which occurred on June 11, 1985. The Palestinian hijacker initially demanded the release of the eight Jordanian air marshals who were aboard the hijacked ALIA aircraft. He was informed that the sky marshals were not in custody. Shortly thereafter, the hijacker agreed to end the hijacking. After giving up the hand grenade, the hijacker was allowed to board a nearby Royal Jordanian Airlines aircraft and was flown to Amman, Jordan where he was taken into custody by Jordanian authorities.The Boeing 727 operated on a flight from Beirut to Amman on June 11. Shortly before takeoff 5 Shiite Arab men armed with automatic weapons and explosives, hijacked the airplane. They demanded to be flown to Tunis. Due to fuel shortage, the flight was diverted to Larnaca, Cyprus. Permission to land at Tunis was refused, so the flight diverted to Palermo. After refueling there, the aircraft was flown back to Beirut. In the early morning of June 12 (01:45) the aircraft took off again, but returned again after two hours. All occupants (three pilots, six flight attendants, eight sky marshals and about 65 passengers) were released and the plane was blown up using explosives.Ran off runway 16R on landing when primary hydraulic system pressure dropped during an ILS approach. The aircraft struck 2 vehicles and a chain fence before coming to rest on a golf course 1300 feet past the runway.The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight, carrying an illegal passenger on board. It flew too low and banked steeply while attempting to climb away. The airplane lost speed and crashed.Crashed.The aircraft landed at Teterboro Airport, NJ (TEB) at 01:52 following a flight from Baltimore, MD. The flight departed VFR at 02:00 to Montgomery-Orange County Airport, NY (MGJ).Written off.The engine lost power immediately after takeoff. Attempting to make a forced landing, the An-2 struck trees and crashed.The Convair's tail struck a hill some 500 m from the end of runway 06. A forced landing was made 1500 m further on.The Gulfstream I crashed after taking off from runway 20R when the no. 1 engine shut down. The left engine probably shut down because the left lever was found between the 'fuel off' and 'feather' positions, de-activating the autofeather system. The aircraft came to rest 100 feet past the runway end, 1720 feet left of the extended centreline.Crashed.Crashed.The An-2 was on a supply flight for geologists, carrying 20 passengers (10 of them were taken on board illegally). The maximum takeoff weight was exceeded by 831 kg. On takeoff the aircraft could not gain altitude, lost speed and crash-landed.Collided with a mountain at 1840 feet after being cleared to the Outer Marker following a runway 36 missed approach.While in crew rest during a Red Flag redeployment mission, some crewmembers were taking friends to see their airplane. When they started the APU, an APU accumulator ruptured. The resulting fire destroyed aircraft.Written off.About 30 minutes prior to arrival at Miami, FL, a passenger told a flight attendant he wanted to go to Cuba, that his mother had died in Cuba recently, and that he had a bomb. He held a small bottle containing liquid and a cigarette lighter. He threatened to start a fire if his demand was not met. The pilot announced that they would fly to Cuba but actually landed in Miami.Destroyed by fire on the ground; date: February 1982, possibly the 28th.The Air Tanzania flight bound for Dar es Salaam (DAR) was hijacked by five passengers. They forced it to land at Nairobi (NBO), Kenya. Five passengers were released and the Boeing 737 was refueled. After nearly six hours on the ground, the airplane took off at 12:15 am. The flight was refueled at Jeddah, Saudi Arabia and continued to Athens, Greece. In Athens two passengers were released. The flight continued to London-Stansted (STN).A Kuwait Airways Boeing 707 was parked at Beirut Airport, Lebanon when 12 hijackers rode up to the aircraft in an automobile. They were firing their submachine guns and boarded the airplane. They demanded the release of their shiite Muslim spiritual leader, who disappeared while on a trip to Libya in August, 1978. They also made other demands related to the return of their leader, and called attention to his disappearance.At 4000 feet light icing on the windshield was noted, and the de-icing system was activated. After two cycles of de-icing, alcohol was smelled in the cockpit, and smoke was coming up from the control yoke. An emergency landing was attempted at Providence, RI but smoke and flames forced the crew to land on 10-12 inch thick ice on a reservoir. By then, heavy black smoke poured in the cockpit and fire was seen. Upon landing, the left main gear collapsed and the right wing was sheared off.On 14 February 1982 a 'one thousand hour' inspection was carried out on the Islander aircraft, G-BBRP, at Shobdon aerodrome , Herefordshire. After this inspection the aircraft was fuelled to capacity, in preparation for an air test for the renewal of the Certificate of Airworthiness. The air test was satisfactory in all respects and included a 5-minute check, per side, that the fuel flow and cross-feeding operation of the aircraft's wing tip tanks operated normally. At all other times during the air test, the aircraft was flown with the fuel supply selected from the main tanks. On 16 February 1982 the aircraft was delivered to Netheravon aerodrome. After arrival at Netheravon, two further flights were carried out: the first an acceptance air check, the second a parachute drop. Both these flights and the delivery flight were carried out with the fuel supply selected from the main tanks.The DC-6 struck a hill at 800 feet.The hijacker opened an alarm door leading from the terminal to the air operations area at Amarillo, TX. He boarded a Braniff Boeing 727 aircraft, threatened a maintenance man, the only other person aboard, and indicated that he was hijacking the aircraft. The maintenance man deplaned and the hijacker went into the cockpit and locked the door. A Braniff employee tried to convince the hijacker to get off but he demanded to talk to the tower and indicated he wanted a pilot to fly the aircraft. Law enforcement authorities were notified and responded. After about an hour of negotiations with law enforcement officials, he deplaned and was taken into custody. Search revealed no weapons. Charges were dismissed because of mental incompetency.Reeve Aleutian Airways Flight 60, an YS-11A, with 36 passengers and 3 crewmembers onboard, made an emergency gear-up landing on the frozen Naknek River adjacent to the King Salmon Airport, Alaska, following the loss of power in both engines. The airplane was damaged substantially, and one crewmember, two passengers, and two firefighters suffered minor injuries during the evacuation, firefighting, and rescue activities.The An-26, on an intelligence-gathering mission over Thailand, was forced down by 2 Royal Thai Air Force F-5E’s near Sa Keao.Heavily damaged by An-2 CCCP-70349 which ran into it. The An-2 had probably jumped it's chocks during an engine run.The DC-3 struck Mount Ipao on Panay Island and crashed.JAL Flight 350 took off from Fukuoka (FUK) runway 16 at 07:34 for a regular flight to Tokyo-Haneda (HND). The aircraft climbed to the cruising altitude of FL290. At 08:22 the crew started their descend to FL160. After reaching that altitude, they were cleared to descend down to 3000 feet. The aircraft was cleared for a runway 33R ILS approach and 5deg of flaps were selected at 08:35, followed by 25 degrees of flaps one minute later. The landing gear was lowered at 08:39 and 50 degrees of flaps were selected two minutes after that. At 08:42 the aircraft descended through 1000 feet at an airspeed of 135 knots with wind from a direction of 360deg at 20 knots. The co-pilot called out "500 feet" at 08:43:25 but the captain did not make the "stabilized" call-out as specified by JAL operational regulations. The airspeed decreased to 133 knots as the aircraft descended through 300 feet at 08:43:50 and the co-pilot warned the captain that the aircraft was approaching the decision height. At 08:43:56 the radio altimeter warning sounded, followed by the flight engineer calling out "200 feet", which was the decision height, three seconds later . At 08:44:01 the aircraft descended through 164 feet at 130KIAS. At that moment the captain cancelled autopilot, pushed his controls forward and retarded the throttles to idle. The co-pilot tried to regain control but the aircraft crashed into the shallow water of Tokyo Bay, 510 m short of the runway 33R threshold. The nose and the right hand wing separated from the fuselage. The captain had recently suffered a psychosomatic disorder; preliminary reports suggested that the captain experienced some form of a mental aberration. He had been off duty from November 1980 to November 1981 for these reasons.Crashed into high ground in poor weather while ferrying supplies from Pathankot Air Base to Leh, India.Crashed into high ground in poor weather while ferrying supplies from Pathankot Air Base to Leh, India.Written off.Struck mountain ridge.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The Boeing 727 of Aerotal Colombia departed Bogotá, Colombia at 13:09 on a domestic service to Pereira. Shortly after takeoff the flight was hijacked by members of the M-19 guerilla group.After crossing the MONDI intersection inbound for an ILS runway 05 approach, the captain felt that a proper descent was not possible due to a strong tailwind and their present altitude. They turned and proceeded outbound to loose altitude. The crew then established themselves again on the inbound course at an airspeed of approximately 120 knots. Around 300 feet the plane descended rapidly, crashed onto the surface of a frozen cove, slid onto marshy terrain and stopped about 500 feet short of the runway.After crossing the MONDI intersection inbound for an ILS runway 05 approach, the captain felt that a proper descent was not possible due to a strong tailwind and their present altitude. They turned and proceeded outbound to loose altitude. The crew then established themselves again on the inbound course at an airspeed of approximately 120 knots. Around 300 feet the plane descended rapidly, crashed onto the surface of a frozen cove, slid onto marshy terrain and stopped about 500 feet short of the runway.The An-2 took off for top dressing. In very limited visibility it entered more dense advective fog. While trying to return to base, in a low level turn the right wing contacted the ground. The airplane cart wheeled and caught fire.The Antonov was on finals, descending through 30-40 m when it swerved 40-50deg to the left when the crew simulated a left engine failure. The rate of descent reduced and the aircraft then banked 60-70 degrees to the left and the left wingtip struck the ground.The DC-10 made a non-precision instrument approach to runway 15R and touched down 2800 feet past the displaced threshold. When the crew sensed that the aircraft couldn't be stopped on the remaining runway, they steered the DC-10 off the side of the runway to avoid the approach light pier, and slid into the shallow water. The nose section separated as the DC-10 came to rest 250 feet past the runway end, 110 feet left of the extended centreline.The C-54 was practicing touch-and-goes from the North to the South at Noumea-Tontouta Airport, New Caledonia. After the tenth touch-and-go the airplane turned left and impacted Mt. Kokoréta at an altitude of 1002 meters.An instructor and a student were performing touch-and-goes at Opa-Locka West Airport, Florida when the student pilot suddenly applied power, causing a momentary power interruption of the no. 1 engine. Control was lost and the DC-3 ran off the runway and struck a tree. The aircraft was damaged beyond repair.Hydraulic pressure was lost while the landing gear was being retracted after takeoff. The crew attempted to lower the gear again and returned to Miami. The nose gear was down and locked, but the main gear would not lock. The main gear partially retracted during the rollout.Crashed on runway 13R while attempting to land at NAS Corpus Christi. Visibility was poor due to fog.At 100 feet agl after takeoff the no. 2 engine failed. The aircraft lost altitude and had to be ditched.Belly landing after fuel exhaustion.The aircraft crashed near Addis Ababa. It reportedly carried 24 Libyan, 24 Cuban and 25 Ethiopian soldiers.Air Florida Flight 90 was scheduled to leave Washington National Airport at 14:15 EST for a flight to Fort Lauderdale International Airport, FL (FLL), with an intermediate stop at the Tampa, FL (TPA). Crashed on descent from FL310 to FL90. The aircraft was found on an icecap at 8650 feet AMSL.The aircraft ran off the left side of runway 14 during landing, damaging the front gear, the front fuselage and propeller. All occupants escaped uninjured.Crashed into hill.One hijacker demanded release of prisoners. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Libyan Arab Airlines flight 484 was en route between Sebha and Benghazi, Libya when it was hijacked by two men, reportedly displaying weapons. They forced the crew to divert to Malta.During a flight between Poprad and Prague, a male passenger attacked a stewardess and tried to enter the cockpit. He threatened to blow up the plane with explosives.Written off.The An-12 was struck by a surface-to-air missile while on approach to Jalalabad (JAA). Control was lost and the airplane crashed.The Twin Otter, operating on a flight for Transwestern, approached Hailey runway 31 at an altitude of 800 feet when the captain reduced power. Suddenly, the aircraft nosed over and descended steeply. The pilot tried to control the descent by adding power. The plane crash-landed on a highway, veered off and struck a 4 feet high snow bank.Displaying a submachine gun and a bag in which he claimed to have explosives, a hijacker demanded to be flown to Mexico and then to Cuba.Displaying a submachine gun and a bag in which he claimed to have explosives, a hijacker demanded to be flown to Mexico and then to Cuba.A Trans Australia Airlines flight was en route between Perth and Melbourne, Australia when a flight attendant was informed by a passenger that he had a bomb in the box he was carrying and would blow up the plane if the plane was not flown to Adelaide, Australia.Destroyed by fire after APU overheated.An Upali Air Learjet 35A was reported missing and presumed crashed into the Straits of Malacca. The corporate jet, carrying Sri Lankan multi-millionair businessman Upali Wijewardene, took off from Kuala Lumpur Subang International Airport (KUL) at 20:41. Last radio contact with the flight was 15 minutes after takeoff when the pilot reported to Subang ATC that he was climbing from FL270 to FL390. The pilot was supposed to contact Medan ATC, but contact was not established. A survival pack, believed to be from the Learjet, was found February 19.After landing on Houston-Hobby (HOU) runway 31L, the aircrew of N100VV, a Cessna 550, requested clearance to turn off to the right at midfield onto runway 22. The request was approved and the aircrew was instructed to use caution for a Piper Cherokee proceeding from the opposite direction. The pilot of N100VV stated that after he turned right onto runway 4/22 and was clear of the Cherokee, he attempted to contact the tower to advise of his intentions. However, the frequency was too busy, so he switched to the ground frequency and transmitted that he was "off 31L, going to Atlantic." This transmission ended just as N100VV was entering the intersection of runways 22 and 31R. Just prior to that, Cessna 550 N222WL had been cleared for takeoff on runway 31R and had begun its takeoff roll. N222WL was at approx. 70 kts when its aircrew saw N100VV starting to cross the active runway. The pilot of N222WL attempted to takeoff and avoid a collision, but was unable to clear the other Cessna. N222WL crashed and slid to a stop approx. 400 ft beyond the impact point, then burned.Written off in landing accident.Air-India Flight 306, a Boeing 747-200B registered VT-EFO, landed at Delhi Airport at 20:10 hrs and was cleared for parking on bay No 17 via taxiway C (behind bay No 12).Air-India Flight 306, a Boeing 747-200B registered VT-EFO, landed at Delhi Airport at 20:10 hrs and was cleared for parking on bay No 17 via taxiway C (behind bay No 12).The aircraft crash-landed in fog.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Three hijackers forced the aircraft to land at Djibouti. After the aircraft landed a gun battle erupted inside the aircraft and two passengers were reportedly wounded. The hijackers subsequently surrendered and were taken Into custody by Djibouti authorities. Northwest flight NW608 was en route between Seattle/Tacoma, WA and Portland, OR when it was hijacked by a male passenger. The hijacker Informed a flight attendant he had a bomb in a box he was holding and demanded to be flown to Afghanistan. The hijacker agreed to land at Portland, Oregon to refuel, and shortly after landing, negotiations were initiated. While the hijacker was otherwise engaged, federal agents boarded the aircraft through a cockpit window. When confronted, the hijacker threw the box at the agents and one of the agents fired one shot which killed the hijacker. The box was examined and found to contain no explosives.Three men armed with knives, explosives and a rifle commandeered the plane and demanded to go to Chiang Rai, Thailand but the crew convinced them that they must land in Chiang Mai to refuel.A Lockheed JetStar II jet operated for the Libyan Government, departed Tripoli, Libya on a flight to Algiers, Algeria. Three minutes after takeoff the crew failed to contact Tripoli Control. It was last noticed climbing through 7000 feet.The Boeing landed 50 m short of the runway in driving snow, broke up and caught fire.While airdropping bales of marijuana at low altitude over a beach, a propeller struck the beach causing it to be torn off. The aircraft then continued about 600 feet and landed gear up on the beach. The crew (presumably 2 persons) unsuccessfully attempted to set the aircraft on fire.Not providedDamaged beyond repair when the undercarriage retracted during taxiing.Rolled inverted while on an ILS approach after engine failure in icing conditions. Crashed into a field and burned. Wing anti-icing was not operating.The Lodestar was taxied to the runway, but the pilot had to warm the engines up because of a low number 1 engine oil temperature reading. He set the parking brakes and advanced the number one throttle. When the oil temperature readings were OK, so throttles were advanced to 30 inches manifold pressure and 2250rpm. Normal brakes were used in addition to hold the aircraft. Full power was applied and brakes were released. During takeoff the aircraft drifted left and right until the plane veered off the right side of the runway, heading for a ditch. The pilot tried to clear the ditch. When airborne the left wing dropped and hit the ground. The aircraft yawed and crashed.United Flight 2885 departed Cleveland at 01:15 for a cargo flight to Los Angeles via Detroit. The DC-8 arrived at Detroit at 01:52. Cargo for Detroit was unloaded, the airplane was refueled, and cargo for Los Angeles was loaded. The engines were started, and then the crew called for taxi instructions at 02:45:58. During the taxi, the flightcrew accomplished the before takeoff checklist. The second officer called "trim" and the first officer responded "set". The flightcrew however, inadvertently overlooked setting the stabilizer trim for takeoff, and the setting of 7.5 units ANU was the previous landing trim setting. At 02:49:16, the captain, the first officer, and the second officer discussed the idea of the first officer switching seats with the second officer. They then switched seats about 02:49:40. United 2885 called for clearance onto runway 21R at 02:49:58 and was cleared for takeoff at 02:50:03. The throttles were advanced for takeoff at 02:51:05 and power stabilized 7 seconds later. Speed callouts "eighty knots" and "Vee One" were called by the captain and the airplane broke ground about 02:51:41. The airplane continued to climb with wings level to about 1,000 feet. The airplane then rolled to the right in a gradual right turn until it was in a wings vertical position (right wing down, left wing up) and crashed into a freshly plowed farm field.Republic Airlines Flight 927,carried out a nonprecision instrument approach to runway 23 at Brainerd-Crow Wing County Airport. The airplane touched down about 1,725 feet beyond the threshold of the 6,500-foot runway. The touchdown was made with the right wing down and with the right main gear about 37 feet from the right edge of the 150-foot-wide runway. The airplane continued to the right and the right propeller struck a 2- to 3-foot high snowbank which was located between the right edge of the runway and the runway edge lights. The No. 1 blade of the propeller separated and entered the cabin. One passenger was injured fatally and 1 passenger was injured seriously by the propeller blade. The weather was indefinite ceiling, 300 feet, sky obscured, 1 mile visibility,Control was lost during a high-speed taxi check. The aircraft ran off the side of the runway, causing severe damage to the undercarriage and fuselage. The taxi check was performed by 2 mechanics, instead of by a qualified flight crew.The aircraft barely climbed after lifting off the agricultural runway. It reached a height of 7-10 metres, crashed 300 metres past the runway and caught fire.Damaged beyond repair.Sustained substantial damage in an accident.Sustained substantial damage in an accident.Twelve minutes after takeoff from Zhdanov (now Mariupol), at height of 4200 m, strong oscillations in pitch and a roll occurred. The plane suffered big vertical and lateral loadings and descended to 2750 m. After 38 seconds it disintegrated in mid-air. Crashed into water in poor weather (low visibility and snowstorm). The pilot descended below minimum safe altitude due to optical illusion when discontinuing IFR procedures and attempting a visual approach.Crashed into water in poor weather (low visibility and snowstorm). The pilot descended below minimum safe altitude due to optical illusion when discontinuing IFR procedures and attempting a visual approach.Crashed following a loss of the starboard Engine and half power on port engine due to water contaminated fuel on takeoff.During a crop spraying flight the elevator trim tab deflected fully up, causing the aircraft to dive into the ground. It crashed and caught fire.An uncontrollable no. 1 engine fire forced the crew to return to San Borja. The aircraft landed on runway 18 and made a ground loop at the end of the runway.Although the Poza Rica Airport, Mexico, was at minima due to fog, the pilot requested clearance for a landing on runway 08 . The aircraft descended below minima and collided with a pylon 1 km short of runway 08 . The pilot could not make visual contact and carried out a missed approach . He attempted to climb but collided with a hill 8,8 km from the end of the runway . The aircraft burst into flames on impact .While enroute it appeared that the anti-icing system didn't work properly. This forced the crew to divert to San Manuel. Because the airspeed indicators malfunctioned during the landing phase, the aircraft landed with a much too high speed. The reversers didn't operate, so the aircraft overran the runway and ended up in a ditch. The gear collapsed and the aircraft caught fire. The co-pilot was not qualified to act as a co-pilot on this flight.Went off the runway while taking off from a snow covered runway with a 5-10 knots tailwind. The aircraft is preserved at Hill Aerospace Museum, Hill AFB, Utah. It is not know if the aircraft has been repaired in between.Collided in mid-air with another VOTEC Bandeirante. PT-GJZ crashed out of control, but PT-GKL was able to make a forced landing (without the no. 1 engine!) on a river and sank.Collided in mid-air with another VOTEC Bandeirante. PT-GJZ crashed out of control, but PT-GKL was able to make a forced landing (without the no. 1 engine!) on a river and sank.Collided in mid-air with another VOTEC Bandeirante. PT-GJZ crashed out of control, but PT-GKL was able to make a forced landing (without the no. 1 engine!) on a river and sank.During a proficiency flight check, the aircrew was making a no-flap landing. After completing the landing checklist down to the landing gear, power was reduced causing the landing gear audible warning to sound. The horn silence switch was depressed and the approach was continued. Due to the low power that was required for the no-flap approach, the throttle was never advanced sufficiently to reset the warning horn. Subsequently, the aircraft was landed with the gear retracted. After sliding to a stop, a small electrical fire erupted in the belly of the aircraft, but airport personnel quickly extinguished it. The pilot being checked said he was distracted by a conversation concerning engine fire procedures. Also, he thought the check pilot had called that the landing check was complete. The check pilot stated that he had called only the no-flap checklist complete with the before landing checklist complete down to the landing gear. The proficiency flight was begun on a short notice when another check pilot could not be found.The aircraft was hijacked by a Syrian national being returned to his homeland. The hijacker walked into the cockpit and told the pilot he had a bomb in his pocket. The aircraft was on final approach at Damascus at the time of the hijacking. The hijacker demanded to be taken to Istanbul. During the flight to Istanbul, the hijacker changed his mind and to told the pilot to fly to Stockholm, Sweden. The pilot recommended landing at Istanbul to refuel.Damaged beyond repair/Damaged beyond repair/Crashed.Approximately 20 minutes after departure from New Orleans, LA, a male passenger stood up holding a whiskey bottle with brown liquid and demanded to be flown to Cuba.Approximately 20 minutes after departure from New Orleans, LA, a male passenger stood up holding a whiskey bottle with brown liquid and demanded to be flown to Cuba.A man claiming to be a member of the Black Liberation Army hijacked Piedmont Flight PI451. He claimed to have explosives and two accomplices and demanded to be taken to Cuba.Crashed in a mountainous area of Ciudad Quesada, Costa Rica. The airplane was carrying a load of weapons for the Nicaraguan Contras militia.Shortly after lift-off from Rurrenabaque, the engines backfired. The right wingtip struck trees, causing the aircraft to lose control and crash into a forest.Shortly after the aircraft departed Hong Kong, the hijacker handed a note to a flight attendant and demanded to be flown to Taiwan.Pacific Western Airlines scheduled early morning flight 501 to Edmonton was pushed-back from the gate at 07:35. After engine start the aircraft taxied to runway 34 for departure.A mine exploded during landing on an airstrip near San Miguel which had been mined by rebels. The pilot and co-pilot suffered injuries.The aircraft descended in a 40 degrees nose down attitude, struck the ground and crashed about one mile short of runway 24. About 3500 lb (1588 kg) of marijuana was found in the wreckage.The aircraft descended in a 40 degrees nose down attitude, struck the ground and crashed about one mile short of runway 24. About 3500 lb (1588 kg) of marijuana was found in the wreckage.The airplane experience a left hand engine failure immediately after takeoff. The airplane crash-landed in a swamp. One of the passengers died of a heart attack while moving through the swamp.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.A South Korean ex-convict demanding to be taken to North Korea was overpowered by security officers and passengers aboard a Korean Airlines (KAL) Boeing 727 aircraft carrying 110 passengers and 8 crew members. The aircraft was on a domestic flight from Seoul to Cheju Island in South Korea when 20 minutes after takeoff, the hijacker announced that he had planted a bomb aboard the aircraft and made his demands known. After the hijacker was overpowered, the aircraft diverted to Kwangju, South Korea, Where the hijacker was arrested by South Korean authorities. Officials found no evidence of an explosive device on the aircraft. No casualties were reported.Crashed.The An-2T prototype crashed.Crashed while attempting to carry out an emergency landing on a beach.High sink rate on short final. The Falcon touched down 13 feet short of the runway and the gear collapsed after contacting the runway edge. Tail caught fire prior to coming to a stop 2900 feet down the runway.Crashed.Substantially damaged on a cargo flight to Kyzyl when the aircraft veered off the runway to the left due to a malfunction of the brakes. The aircraft nosed over.During taxi to takeoff the brakes failed. The pilot attempted to groundloop the aircraft, which rolled down hill and collided with a gully. During preflight the co-pilot inadvertently added hydraulic fluid in the alcohol tank. The hydraulic pump cavitated.The captain of a Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 737-200 airplane aborted a takeoff from Doha Airport, Qatar, following a catastrophic and uncontained failure of the no. 2 engine. A fragment from the engine penetrated a wing fuel tank and the no.2 engine caught fire. The airplane was stopped on the end of the runway, and the 98 passengers and 6 crewmembers evacuated the airplane while the airport fire department extinguished the fire. There were no injuries to the occupants as a result of the engine failure and fire. Investigation of the accident disclosed that the 2nd stage low-pressure turbine (LPT) disk in the Pratt & Whitney JT8D-15 engine ruptured, and that a large segment of the disk exited the engine near the 1:30 o'clock position (aft looking forward). The released segment passed through the engine and caused substantial damage to the low-pressure nozzle case, the hush package and the fan bypass duct outer case. Considerable damage was inflicted on the no.2 engine nacelle by engine fragments and the ensuing fire.On takeoff the no. 1 propeller lost a blade, causing the engine to be torn from its mounts. The takeoff was rejected. The left engine propeller had lost one blade which was found several days later 3000 feet west of the wreckage. There was no evidence found to substantiate compliance with a mandatory airworthiness directive on the propeller blade.Written off.A Tupolev 134A (CCCP-65856), descending for Lvov, collided with an Air Force Antonov 26 (call-sign CCCP-26492) which had just taken off from Lvov.The Tupolev 134, descending for Lvov, collided with an Air Force Antonov 26 (101 red) which had just taken off from Lvov.Reportedly crashed during descent towards an airport in the Khövsgöl Province, Mongolia.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.A China Airlines Boeing 737 aircraft carrying 107 passengers and crew was hijacked by a disgruntled Taiwanese Air Force Sergeant while en route from Taipei to Kaohsiung in Taiwan. Shortly after takeoff, the hijacker, Who claimed to have a container of sulfuric acid, told a flight attendant that he wanted theThe aircraft struck a rocky cliff in thick fog.Overran runway, went down a 125 feet embankment and caught fire.Because of problems in transferring fuel from the specially installed ferry tanks to the engines, the crew decided to return to Kulusuk, but didn't sight the airfield in deteriorating weather conditions. The aircraft then hit snow when trying to make an emergency landing near a radar site.The aircraft crashed nose-down on climbout after losing control. The no. 2 engine had failed shortly after V2 speed.Four minutes after receiving clearance to descend to 3000 feet, the pilot reported he wasn't receiving the DME signal. At 23:24 Phuket ATC asked if the crew preferred a VOR approach to runway 09 instead of a visual runway 27 approach. The approach to runway 27 was continued, until the crew radioed that they had lost both engines, while passing 3400 feet and that they nearly hit a mountain. The aircraft eventually crashed into a mountain at 800 feet.The BAe-125 aborted a landing attempt when weather fell below minima. The aircraft struck a mountainside during a thunderstorm.An attacker fired a rocket at a Royal Jordanian Airlines Boeing 727 aircraft in Athens, Greece. The attack occurred while the aircraft, with 62 passengers and a crew of 13 aboard, was preparing to take off for Amman, Jordan. The rocket struck the aircraft approximately 30 feet aft of the forward entry door, but failed to explode. The attacker, who fired at the plane from near the runway, dropped the rocket launcher and ran to a waiting car. After returning to the terminal, an examination of the aircraftA Middle East Airlines Boeing 707 aircraft, while en route to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia from Beirut, Lebanon with 66 passengers and 10 crew members aboard, was hijacked by a lone male. He claimed to have a gun and a bomb and demanded several million dollars for the anti-Israeli resistance movement in southern Lebanon.A Lufthansa Boeing 737 aircraft was hijacked while on a flight from Hamburg, West Germany to London, England. The aircraft, with 108 passengers and 6 crew members aboard, was commandeered by a lone male claiming to have a gun. Approximately 15 minutes before landing at Heathrow Airport in London, the hijacker demanded that the aircraft land in London am that a jumbo jet be made available to fly him to Hawaii.The SATENA Fokker F-28 departed Bogotá (BOG) on a service to Florencia (FLA) with en route stops at Neiva (NVA) and San Vicente del Caguán (SVI). Florencia Airport was reportedly closed due to dense fog. Yet, the crew attempted an approach. The airplane struck the side of a fog-shrouded mountain.Two Lockheed CC-130H Hercules transport planes were destroyed in an accident following a mid-air collision over Edmonton-Namao Field, AB (YED), Canada. All five crew members aboard each plane were killed.Two Lockheed CC-130H Hercules transport planes were destroyed in an accident following a mid-air collision over Edmonton-Namao Field, AB (YED), Canada. All five crew members aboard each plane were killed.Landed on a frozen river; damaged beyond repair.Landed on a frozen river; damaged beyond repair.The first officer was making the landing and the aircraft bounced during touchdown. The captain's right hand, which had been near the floor to the right of his seat, bumped the landing gear selector to the up position as the captain reached for the yoke. The aircraft then landed with the gear retracted. Although the landing gear selector handle latch mechanism operated as designed, tests showed the mechanism offered little resistance to inadvertent movement to the up position.Not providedImpacted the water during a low pass flight at Lake Ullum, Prov. San Juan.A Saudi Arabian Boeing 737 aircraft with 76 passengers and 21 crew members aboard was hijacked by a lone male armed with a hand grenade. The aircraft was en route from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia to Kuwait via Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The hijacker commandeered the aircraft just prior to landing in Riyadh and demanded to be taken to another destination. The pilot told the hijacker that the aircraft would have to refuel in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia before it could continue. While in Dhahran, the hijacker released everyone except the pilot and co-pilot. When the hijacker refused to surrender to Saudi Arabian security officials, the aircraft was stormed and, after throwing the grenade, he was shot and killed. There were no other casualties and damage to the aircraft was reported as slight.The aircraft was destroyed by a fire which erupted in the passenger cabin during cleaning.Crashed.The C-130 was flying in a formation with two other planes dropping 15-pound sand bags from a low altitude, to simulate a supply dropping mission. The airplane reportedly stalled and crashed into a rural field.The An-30 was used on an aerial photography flight in the Kabul area south of the Panjshir Valley. Upon returning to the airport, the no. 1 engine was struck my a Strela missile. The pilot attempted to land the plane at Bagram, but he was too high (800 m). While circling for landing the fire reached and destroyed the aileron controls. Control was lost. Three crew members managed to bail out safely.Crashed during attempted overshoot.Some 12 minutes after takeoff from Syktyvkar Airport (SCW), the crew of the Tu-134 reported a smoke warning in the rear cargo hold. The airplane continued to climb to 6700 m until the crew decided to return to Syktyvkar. At that point the flight was 140 km away from Syktyvkar. An emergency descent was initiated Smoke continued to fill the cabin and the crew decided to carry out a forced landing. Weather was poor with clouds at 200 m and rain. The airplane struck trees and crashed in a forest some 80 km southwest of Syktyvkar. Caught fire during ground refueling. The interior of the plane burned out. The outboard wing section was used in rebuilding KC-135A 58-0014.Crashed during a test flight.Crashed during a test flight.The Martin, loaded with 600gal of pesticide settled back on the runway after a long takeoff run. The aircraft struck a 12 feet high dirt mound, flipped inverted and caught fire. It was determined that the pilot held a private certificate with ASMEL ratings and his medical certificate was denied. The co-pilot held a commercial certificate with ASEL rating, but none of the pilots appeared to have any operating experience on the Martin 4-0-4. The weight of the aircraft on takeoff was calculated to be 44,492 pounds, while the maximum gross total weight for a 4500 feet runway 'dry' takeoff was approx. 37,900 pounds.The Twin Otter encountered rising terrain, covered by low stratus clouds. In an attempt to clear the rising terrain, maximum climb power was applied, with 10deg flaps. The aircraft began to stall and continued to stall even when 20deg of flaps were selected. The Twin Otter struck trees and crashed.The Twin Otter encountered rising terrain, covered by low stratus clouds. In an attempt to clear the rising terrain, maximum climb power was applied, with 10deg flaps. The aircraft began to stall and continued to stall even when 20deg of flaps were selected. The Twin Otter struck trees and crashed.The aircraft had to carry out a missed approach to a temporary winter landing strip and crashed in a steep nose down attitude, about 900 m past the runway end due to ice accretion (3/16 inch) on the wings. The de-ice boots were not used.Crashed while returning to the airport following a no. 4 engine (Pratt & Whitney R-2000) failure.The DHC-6 took off from Grand Canyon runway 21 at 08:55 for a 50-minutes air tour over Grand Canyon national Park. At 09:13 a Helitech Bell 206B JetRanger (N6TC) took off from a heliport near Tusayan for a 30-minutes air tour. The aircraft took off from Glasgow at 03:17 hrs to fly to Barrow-in-Furness, U.K. The aircraft took off from Glasgow at 03:17 hrs to fly to Barrow-in-Furness, U.K. Twin Otter 13807 was searching for another SAR aircraft (civilian) that had gone down looking for an overdue light plane. The aircraft flew into the side of a mountain, killing all on board: pilot Capt. Ted Katz, co-pilot Capt. Wayne Plumbtree, Flight Engineer Brian Burkett and five observers. Crashed.Due to bad weather at the destination Alexandria, the Air Sinai F-27 returned to Cairo. The aircraft crashed short of the runway while approaching in a sandstorm. The aircraft collided with the side of a building and caught fire.Due to bad weather at the destination Alexandria, the Air Sinai F-27 returned to Cairo. The aircraft crashed short of the runway while approaching in a sandstorm. The aircraft collided with the side of a building and caught fire.Veered off the left side of the runway. A wing was torn off and a fire broke out. Reportedly, the airplane had been hit by a ground to air missileShortly before the scheduled departure of Aeronica Flight 726 from Sandino Airport in Managua to San Salvador, El Salvador, and on to Mexico City, Mexico, a male youth with a pistol seized control of the aircraft. The youth who was described as a juvenile delinquent in the press, reportedly jumped from the airport terminal observation platform onto the air operations area and ran to the aircraft. The hijacker also claimed to have a hand grenade, which was never substantiated, and threatened to kill some of the passengers unless he was flown to El Salvador and then, allegedly, on to the United States. Approximately three hours after the seizure, the hijacker was overpowered by security officers who were aboard the aircraft. The hijacker was believed to have been arrested.Crashed into a forest.The aircraft was stolen from Tomball, Texas and damaged beyond repair at an unknown location within Mexico.Flew into the side of a mountain in poor weather.While passengers were boarding Swissair Flight 125, a DC-10 flying from Chicago-O'Hare International Airport to Zürich, Switzerland, a man with a knife ran past the gate attendant, down the jetway, and onto the aircraft where he grabbed a female passenger and held the knife to her throat. The hijacker was not ticketed on the flight and the knife was later determined to be a pocket-knife. He shouted in broken English that he wanted to go to Switzerland and, in later interviews, said that he wanted to seek help there in having his films produced. After approximately 25 minutes of negotiations, the hijacker released the female passenger he was holding hostage and surrendered his knife to the police. He was arrested and charged with air piracy. The hostage was injured in the incident.Prior to takeoff from Chelyabinsk the crew forgot to activate the pitot heating system. The departure and en route part of the flight were uneventful until the flight was descending for Domodedovo. At an altitude of 3600 m the Tu-154 passed a zone of heavy rainfall and icing. This caused blocking of the pitot tube and incorrect airspeed indications. The airspeed indicator soon went down to zero. The crew mistakenly thought the aircraft was about to stall. They immediately entered a steep descent with the engines at takeoff power. Then aircraft was levelled again at a height of 800 meters. The descent had been flown at a maximum of 100 m/s at a high speed of 813 km/h. The airplane pulled 3.2 G in the process. The high loads on the airframe caused substantial structural damage. The airplane landed safely at Domodedovo.A man with a pistol, later determined to be a starter's pistol, forced his way aboard Finnair Flight 509, a DC-9 aircraft, at Oulu, Finland, as it was preparing for departure to Helsinki with 95 passengers and five crew members. The hijacker described as being mentally disturbed, released all the passengers within a half hour but continued to hold the crewmembers.Crashed.Flew into the side of the cloud-shrouded 5,500-foot Montagne du Day.The Yakovlev 40 was involved in a mishap on April 18, 1986 at Chita Airport when the right main gear retracted on landing. Following repairs the aircraft crashed on test-flight from Khanty-Mansiyesk.A Beechcraft 99C operated by Centennial Airlines sustained substantial damaged in landing accident at Laramie, WY.On rollout after landing at Hollywood-North Perry Airport, Florida, the pilot discovered he had no brakes. The aircraft traveled off the left side of the runway and collided with a fence surrounding a ballpark. Post crash examination of the hydraulic system revealed that the hydraulic reservoir was empty and the main accumulator and the thrust reverser accumulator had no air charge.After flying a localizer back course approach to Billings' runway 27 a missed approach was executed. The pilot then tried to carry out a runway 09L ILS approach. On the inbound approach course the aircraft impacted terrain and caught fire.Capt. "Johnny" Wang Shi Chuen defected to China by flying to Guangzhou.Delta Air Lines flight DL177 was en route between Portland, OR and Boston, MA when a male passenger who appeared emotionally disturbed, told a flight attendant he had explosives in a bag and wanted to go to Las Vegas, NV.The 'City of Colombo' was damaged during the loading of the plane for the flight to Male. This caused some delay. During the boarding of the plane a bomb, hidden in the aircraft's 'Fly Away Kit', exploded. Control problems forced the crew to return to Barranquilla Airport. The aircraft touched down, rolled 100 m and lifted off again. The C-46 reached a height of 20 m, entered a stall and crashed onto the runway.UTA DC-8 F-BOLL operated on a flight from Brazzaville to Paris with an intermediate stop N'Djamena. The aircraft arrived at N'Djamena and was parked on the apron for a one hour stopover. Shortly afterwards a small bomb exploded in the baggage compartment. An evacuation was carried out and twenty minutes later, another explosion occurred in the central baggage compartment, destroying the aircraft.Impacted mountain ridge at 6250 feet during a VFR attempt to land; ridge obscured by broken clouds. Field elevation 5315 feet; airport located in a mountain valley, just over a mile wideThe CL-215 fire fighting plane crashed near Elefsis during a training flight. The airplane was performing touch and goes when it had to return to the air base with one propeller feathered following engine problems (back firing).An Air France flight from Frankfurt, Germany to Paris, France was hijacked by a male passenger who was armed with a knife. He demanded the plane to be refueled to go to Libya. The plane forced to land in Geneva, Switzerland where he held passengers and crew hostage for 4-1/2 hours.Crashed at Sakon Nakhon Airport, Thailand (SNO).Crashed at Sakon Nakhon Airport, Thailand (SNO).Iberia flight IB588 from Málaga, Spain, was damaged in a landing accident at Zürich-Kloten Airport, Switzerland. The aircraft scraped the right hand wing during landing. There were no injuries.The C-130E Hercules departed Zaragoza on a low-level supply drop training mission. Weather in the area included a 1200-feet ceiling with 6 km visibility. The Hercules struck the face of a mesa at an elevation of 2200 feet.SAS Flight 901, a DC-10 named 'Haakon Viking' departed Stockholm for a flight to New York via Oslo. The aircraft touched down 1440 m past the runway 04R threshold. The crew steered the plane to the right side off the runway to avoid approach lights. The DC-10 ended up in shallow water.Crashed at sea.Damaged by a storm; possibly not repaired.The aircraft was engaged on a night freighter service from Cairns (CNS) to Brisbane (BNE) with intermediate stops at Townsville (TSV) and Proserpine (PPP). The flight departed Cairns at 18:47 hours. After arriving at Townsville the aircraft was refuelled and additional freight loaded before departing for Proserpine at 19:47 hours. The aircraft was cleared to track direct to Proserpine on climb to FL250. At 20:08 hours the pilot reported that the aircraft had left FL250 on descent into Proserpine and requested a clearance to track to intercept the 310 omni radial inbound for a DME Arrival. This request was approved and a short time later the aircraft reported established on the radial. At 20:16 hours, in answer to a question from Townsville Control, the aircraft reported at 2600 feet and was instructed to call Townsville Flight Service Unit. The aircraft complied with this instruction, and after the initial contact no further transmissions were received from the aircraft. The wreckage was located approximately 4 kilometres north-west of the threshold of runway 11 and in line with that runway. The aircraft had been destroyed by impact forces and the ensuing fire. A witness, who lived near the final approach path of the aircraft, reported that she observed the aircraft when it was on final approach. Analysis of her observations indicated that when she sighted the aircraft it was at a lower height than normal for the type of approach that the pilot reported would be flown. At the time of the sighting she did not notice anything unusual about the operation of the aircraft. An Antonov 12 military transport plane of the Ethiopian Air Force was hijacked during a domestic flight. An air force lieutenant brandished a hand grenade and demanded to be flown to Somalia.The hijacker, a Corporal in the Haitian Army assigned to Airport Security, boarded the aircraft carrying a fully loaded Uzi machine gun and demanded to be taken to New York. After one hour of flight, the hijacker gave his gun to the crew. Upon landing in New York, the hijacker was taken into custody where he requested political asylum. The hijacker was sentenced to 10 years for air piracy.The Boeing 737 had taken off from Huambo and was climbing through 8000 feet when an explosion occurred in the rear of the cabin. The crew returned to Huambo for an emergency landing. Because of severed hydraulic lines it was impossible to extend the flaps. The aircraft touched down fast and overran the runway by 180 m. Just 3 months prior to this accident, TAAG had lost another Boeing 737.While the aircraft was in flight between San Luis and Belem, Brazil, hijackers armed with pistols entered the cockpit and diverted the aircraft to Paramaribo, Suriname. Brazilian Embassy officials successfully negotiated with the hijackers for the release of the passengers unharmed. The aircraft continued to Camagüey, Cuba.Sales demo. Touched down 500 feet down the runway, overran and went over a 90 feet bluff. Caught fire.During the descent into Izhevsk Airport (IJK), Russia, the Antonov 24 suffered an elevator control failure. The crew attempted to use the elevator trim during their approach.The aircraft entered a steep descent shortly after takeoff from runway 23 and crashed 6300 feet past the runway end and 1800 feet left of the extended centreline.During maintenance at RAAF Edinburgh a filled oxygen cylinder was accidently disconnected. The fitter attempted to refit the regulator but the pressure was too great and a fire had started by then. The oxygen fed the fire which then gutted the interior. Seven people were working in the area and two suffered flash burns.The CASA C-212 crashed in Mount Lokon while descending out of 3000 feet.The Arava transport plane crashed while on a supply flight to the Peten Province, Guatemala.Struck a mine on landing.An in-flight explosion after leaving Karachi blew a 2 m x 2 m hole in the right rear cargo hold no.4 and caused a loss of cabin pressure. An emergency descent to 5000 feet was made and the aircraft returned to Karachi.An in-flight explosion after leaving Karachi blew a 2 m x 2 m hole in the right rear cargo hold no.4 and caused a loss of cabin pressure. An emergency descent to 5000 feet was made and the aircraft returned to Karachi.Gear collapsed; damaged beyond repair.The no. 1 prop was feathered after takeoff due to engine problems. After performing a left circuit, the gear was selected down at 30-40 feet. The DC-3 touched down on the right hand side of the runway and ran off the side. After evacuation, the hot right engine set fire to dry grass. The aircraft was destroyed by fire. DC-3 9Q-CYD was used as a support aircraft for the Paris-Dakar rally.The BN-2A Islander crashed the in highlands of Papua New Guinea while on a flight from Kundiawa to Karimui.Reportedly shot down by guerrilla fighters using an SA-7 missile.The DC-4 returned to the airport because of a no. 2 engine failure. Propellers contacted the runway upon landing, causing the aircraft to ran off the side of the runway and strike a drainage ditch.The Tupolev descended below decision altitude while the crew were trying to make visual contact with the runway in heavy snow.The first two attempts to takeoff were abandoned due to slow aircraft performance. Takeoff was continued on the third attempt, but both engines lost power upon gear retraction. An attempt was made to make an emergency landing on a highway, but the left wing struck a pole. The aircraft crashed through a fence and struck a highway embankment.On ground at Dubai, after a flight from Karachi, a bomb exploded in a baggage compartment.Both engines flamed out and the aircraft made an emergency landing in a field. The airframe was later used as a ground instructional airframe by Luganskoye VVAUSh.A French Hercules was hijacked by 9 hijackers. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.Crashed in February 1985 during landing/approach.Set afire in a riot.Two Syrians being deported from West Germany to Syria hijacked a Lufthansa Boeing 727 shortly after departing Frankfurt, West Germany and forced the pilot to land at Vienna, Austria. Wielding knives and broken bottles, the hijackers demanded political asylum in Austria without being tried for air piracy. AfterWeather at Valdez Municipal Airport, AK (VDZ) was very poor. Boeing RC-135T, call sign Mary 24, approached the airport for some practice MLS approaches. The first two approaches were uneventful. The third approach was commenced some four miles (6,4 km) north of the prescribed MLS inbound course. The crew descended until the airplane flew into the side of a mountain. The wreckage was not located until August 2, 1985.While raising the gear after a runway 04L takeoff, the no. 1 prop autofeathered. Power was reduced on the no. 1 engine but then the no. 2 engine experienced a power loss. The gear was extended again, but the aircraft contacted the runway before the gear extended fully. The aircraft skidded 1200 feet before coming to rest near the intersection of taxiway G and runway 04L, 104 feet right of the side of the runway.The Royal Saudi Air Force KC-130 tanker airplane was much too high when approaching Riyadh Air Base. The controller recommended a 360-degree turn to lose altitude but the pilot decided to lose altitude by slipping. The fuel inside the airplane was swapping back and forth with movements that caused the pilot to lose control of the airplane. The Hercules crossed a busy road and crashed just short of runway 01.The Dornier 228 named "Polar 3" was on a return flight (together with Do-228 "Polar 2") to Germany following a South Pole expedition. Both aircraft departed Dakar around 14:45 for a flight to Arrecife, Canary Islands. Last radio contact with Polar 3 was around 17:30. While overflying the Western Sahara, 5 minutes behind Polar 2 and at a lower altitude, Polar 3 was shot down by Frente Polisario guerrillas. They probably though the plane in question was a Moroccan spy plane. The Western Sahara territory was fully annexed by Morocco in 1979. A guerrilla war with the Polisario Front contesting Rabat's sovereignty ended in a 1991 cease-fire; a referendum on final status has been repeatedly postponed.An airport security guard hijacked a Middle East Airlines Boeing 707 aircraft at Beirut International Airport while the aircraft was boarding for a flight to Paris, France. Reportedly, armed with a pistol and 23 grenades, the hijacker went aboard the aircraft shortly after the 104 passengers had finished boarding and apparently ordered the passengers to leave the aircraft via the escape chutes. As the passengers were in the process of exiting, panic broke out among Lebanese forces and Amal militiamen who were there seeing off a couple of their people. An exchange of gun fire took place between the hijacker and theAn Antonov 24B passenger plane, operated by Air Mail, was destroyed in an accident near Tombouctou Airport (TOM), Mali. There were 46 passengers and six crew members on board. One passenger survived the accident.Iberia Flight 610 departed Madrid at 08:47 for a scheduled flight to Bilbao, where it was scheduled to land at 09:35. The Boeing 727, named "Alhambra de Granada", climbed to the cruising altitude of FL260. At 09:09 the crew were instructed to descend to FL100. Seven minutes later the copilot contacted Bilbao Tower. The controller then cleared the flight for an ILS approach: "Iberia 610, you can continue descent, for an ILS approach to Bilbao, runway 30, wind is 100 degrees 3 knots, QNH 1025 and transition level 70." This was confirmed by the crew. The controller subsequently offered them a direct clearance to the approach fix, which is located at 13 DME from the airport. The captain declined and decided to fly the standard approach procedure.The flight from Taipei to about 300 nmi northwest of San Francisco was uneventful and the airplane was flying at about 41,000 feet mean sea level when the No. 4 engine lost power. During the attempt to recover and restore normal power on the No. 4 engine, the airplane rolled to the right, nosed over, and entered an uncontrollable descent. The captain was unable to restore the airplane to stable flight until it had descended to 9,500 feet. After the captain stabilized the airplane, he elected to divert to San Francisco International Airport, where a safe landing was made. Although the airplane suffered major structural damage during the upset, descent, and subsequent recovery, only two persons among the 274 passengers and crew on board were injured seriously.Crashed in mountainous jungle area during stormy weather.The Boeing 737-2A8 sustained substantial damage when it landed with undercarriage not fully down and locked. Fuel lines ruptured causing a fire in the engines. The fire was extinguished quickly and fourteen persons sustained minor injuries during the evacuation.Four Shiite Muslims armed with automatic weapons stormed onto the apron at Beirut International Airport (BEY) in a car and commandeered a Cyprus Airways Boeing 707 aircraft. The aircraft was preparing for departure to Cyprus at the time of the seizure. The hijackers refused to allow passengers to board the aircraft but kept the nine member flight crew and three Lebanese employees of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, as hostages.The Challenger was on a runway 36 ILS approach when the radio altimeter warning sounded. A missed approach was initiated but the aircraft hit the ground 44 m short of the runway. The undercarriage collapsed and collided with a concrete post.Just after lift-off, the DC-9 rolled left and both no. 1 and 2 engine compressors stalled. The takeoff was abandoned and the aircraft landed back on its tail and right wingtip some 5600 feet from the runway threshold. The aircraft skidded for 2025 feet, hitting runway signs. A thin layer of ice (0,15 inch) had accumulated on the wings.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The two ATP rated pilots were en route back to their home base airport flying on an IFR flight plan in actual instrument weather conditions. Communications with ATC controllers was normal. During a night localizer approach into Millville Airport, NJ (MIV), an ATC specialist observed the aircraft passing through the localizer track and issued a vector for re-interception. The aircraft was subsequently observed tracking inbound on course. The pilot reported crossing the OM. This was the last transmission heard from the pilot and was routine. The aircraft crashed into a wooded area just beyond the OM and was destroyed in a post impact fire. Post accident examination of the wreckage revealed evidence to indicate the left engine was producing less power than the right engine at impact.A Tupolev 134AK passenger plane, operated by Aeroflot's Belarus division, was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from Minsk-2 International Airport (MSQ), Belarus.Crashed on approach and destroyed by fire.The right main gear jammed in transit during the gear retraction following take off from Philadelphia. The crew elected to divert to Dobbins AFB. A belly landing was made on a foamed runway 29. The aircraft veered off the runway at 4200 feet past the runway threshold and a fire erupted in the right main gear area, but was quickly put out. The aircraft came to rest 70 feet from the right side of the runway.The captain was cleared for an RNAV runway 05 approach, but the runway lights were not on as the aircraft broke through clouds at 1000 feet, 1 mile from the airport. The aircraft then circled for another approach, but came in high and fast. The 1st officer recommended a go-around, but the captain decided to continue. The aircraft had touched down long and was about to overrun the runway, when the captain retracted the landing gear. The plane then slid off the end of the runway and went over an embankment, becoming airborne for about 140 feet and impacted a large ravine area.Ditched following engine problems.A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 passenger plane, HK-1910, was destroyed in an accident in the Cerro el Plateado mountains, Colombia. All 21 passengers and two crew members were killed.An Embraer 110P1 Bandeirante passenger plane, HK-2638, was destroyed in an accident near Buga, Colombia. All 15 passengers and two crew members were killed.While descending through FL100 a passenger went into the forward lavatory carrying dynamite in a briefcase. The dynamite exploded, killing the passenger. The aircraft made a safe landing at Santa Cruz.The Antonov was damaged when it undershot the runway while attempting to land at Ledovaya Baza, an ad hoc ice airfield 53 km north of Graham Bell Island, Franz-Joseph-Land. The aircraft was considered repairable and prepared for recovery. On May 13, as the stripped-down aircraft was being towed, a crack opened in the ice and the aircraft sank.The An-26 provided air support during an air attack in the Narvan province of Afghanistan. While descending, the aircraft exceeded the maximum allowable speed. A structural failure occurred and the aircraft crashed.Horizon Air Flight 2318, a Swearingen Metro III commuter aircraft, was en route from Medford, Oregon, to Portland, Oregon, with 13 passengers and two crew when, approximately 10 minutes into the flight, a male passenger approached the pilot and pressed a hard object, later determined to be the neck of a wine bottle, into his back. He demanded that the aircraft be turned towards the south and said that he also had an incendiary device. The passenger had boarded the aircraft without a ticket and, without being challenged. He scaled a 4-foot fence around the general aviation area at the Medford Airport and walked the quarter of a mile to the aircraft. He agreed to let the aircraft land at the Portland-Hillsborough Airport to refuel and there he demanded water, four parachutes, and maps of the Phoenix, Arizona, area. During negotiations on the ground, he finally allowed all of the passengers and crew, except for the pilot, to deplane; however, the pilot was able to escape from the aircraft with the last of the deplaning passengers and the hijacker was left on board alone. A Douglas C-47 transport plane operated by the South African Air Force was struck by a SAM-7 missile while en route at 8000 feet.The Salvadorean DC-6 reportedly suffered an engine fire just after takeoff. The aircraft then crashed and burnt on a hill.Crashed into the sea.The right hand main landing gear collapsed on landing at Tangier Airport (TNG), Morocco.Fuel exhaustion caused both engines to quit short of Mombasa. The Skyvan hit a tree during a forced landing on a road.Fuel exhaustion caused both engines to quit short of Mombasa. The Skyvan hit a tree during a forced landing on a road.A Yakovlev 40 passenger jet, operated by Aeroflot's Yakutsk division, was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Chita, Russia.During post-flight maintenance, structural damage was found on the pylons of engines no. 1 and 3. It was impossible during which flight the structural loads occurred.The early 1980-ies was a period of escalating reciprocal actions by the United States and Libya. The U.S. claimed that several terrorist attacks, a.o. on the airports of Vienna and Rome in 1985, were carried out by Libyan-supported terrorism. The U.S. decided to push the issue in the Spring of 1986, contemplating a military attack in order to send a message about support for international terrorism. After several days of diplomatic talks with European and Arab partners, President Reagan ordered the strike on Libya on April 14: Operation Eldorado Canyon. In the early morning of April 15 several airports and the Libyan defense network were targeted. Six General Dynamics F-111F strategic bombers attacked Tripoli Airport, destroying military fighters as well as three Ilyushin 76 transport planes (5A-DNF, 5A-DNL, 5A-DLL), a DHC-6 Twin Otter (5A-DCS). At Benina Airport, six Grumman A-6E Intruders caused the destruction of Mi-8 helicopters. A Fokker F-27 (5A-DLP) was damaged beyond repair.The early 1980-ies was a period of escalating reciprocal actions by the United States and Libya. The U.S. claimed that several terrorist attacks, a.o. on the airports of Vienna and Rome in 1985, were carried out by Libyan-supported terrorism. The U.S. decided to push the issue in the Spring of 1986, contemplating a military attack in order to send a message about support for international terrorism. After several days of diplomatic talks with European and Arab partners, President Reagan ordered the strike on Libya on April 14: Operation Eldorado Canyon. In the early morning of April 15 several airports and the Libyan defense network were targeted. Six General Dynamics F-111F strategic bombers attacked Tripoli Airport, destroying military fighters as well as three Ilyushin 76 transport planes (5A-DNF, 5A-DNL, 5A-DLL), a DHC-6 Twin Otter (5A-DCS). At Benina Airport, six Grumman A-6E Intruders caused the destruction of Mi-8 helicopters. A Fokker F-27 (5A-DLP) was damaged beyond repair.The early 1980-ies was a period of escalating reciprocal actions by the United States and Libya. The U.S. claimed that several terrorist attacks, a.o. on the airports of Vienna and Rome in 1985, were carried out by Libyan-supported terrorism. The U.S. decided to push the issue in the Spring of 1986, contemplating a military attack in order to send a message about support for international terrorism. After several days of diplomatic talks with European and Arab partners, President Reagan ordered the strike on Libya on April 14: Operation Eldorado Canyon. In the early morning of April 15 several airports and the Libyan defense network were targeted. Six General Dynamics F-111F strategic bombers attacked Tripoli Airport, destroying military fighters as well as three Ilyushin 76 transport planes (5A-DNF, 5A-DNL, 5A-DLL), a DHC-6 Twin Otter (5A-DCS). At Benina Airport, six Grumman A-6E Intruders caused the destruction of Mi-8 helicopters. A Fokker F-27 (5A-DLP) was damaged beyond repair.The early 1980-ies was a period of escalating reciprocal actions by the United States and Libya. The U.S. claimed that several terrorist attacks, a.o. on the airports of Vienna and Rome in 1985, were carried out by Libyan-supported terrorism. The U.S. decided to push the issue in the Spring of 1986, contemplating a military attack in order to send a message about support for international terrorism. After several days of diplomatic talks with European and Arab partners, President Reagan ordered the strike on Libya on April 14: Operation Eldorado Canyon. In the early morning of April 15 several airports and the Libyan defense network were targeted. Six General Dynamics F-111F strategic bombers attacked Tripoli Airport, destroying military fighters as well as three Ilyushin 76 transport planes (5A-DNF, 5A-DNL, 5A-DLL), a DHC-6 Twin Otter (5A-DCS). At Benina Airport, six Grumman A-6E Intruders caused the destruction of Mi-8 helicopters. A Fokker F-27 (5A-DLP) was damaged beyond repair.The Catalina hit a partially submerged reef after landing at sea near Maui, Hawaii.The Catalina hit a partially submerged reef after landing at sea near Maui, Hawaii.Westwind N50SK departed Dallas-Redbird Airport at 18:56 CST under an IFR flightplan bound for Teterboro.Written off.While descending through FL100 a bomb exploded, causing a 1,40 x 1,60 m hole in the fuselage near seat 10F. Four passengers were ejected through the hole in the fuselage. The aircraft landed safely at Athens.Flight 940 took off from Mexico City (MEX) at 08:40 for a flight to Puerto Vallarta (PVR), Mazatlán (MZT) and Los Angeles (LAX). The left main gear brake was overheated during the takeoff run. When the aircraft had reached FL310 the heat caused a tyre on the left hand main gear to explode. Fuel and hydraulic lines were ruptured and electrical cables severed resulting in a cabin decompression. An emergency was declared, but spilt fuel ignited and caused a massive fire on board. Control was lost and the aircraft crashed into a mountain in the Sierra Madre, at an elevation of 9000 feet. It was found that the tire had been serviced with air rather than nitrogen. The air, under high temperature and pressure, resulted in a chemical reaction with the tire itself. This led to a chemical explosion of the tire.Wing failure in turbulence at low altitude.The Antonov crashed while trying to turn back to Pemba following a malfunction on board.Missing over sea while on a delivery flight from the Soviet Union. Last contact was 1 hour and 18 minutes after takeoff.Missing over sea while on a delivery flight from the Soviet Union. Last contact was 1 hour and 18 minutes after takeoff.The Antonov 12 descended too low on finals in below-minima weather conditions. It undershot the runway, struck three VASIs, overturned and caught fire.A wheel/ski-equipped DHC-3 Otter aircraft was on the return leg of a charter flight to Snegamook Lake to retrieve a hunting party of four, along with their hunting gear and bounty of several hundred ptarmigan. It departed Snegamook Lake at 09:15. After takeoff, the engine began to run rough but improved somewhat when the power was reduced for cruising. As the aircraft was approaching Nipishish Lake, the pilot reported to company dispatch that the engine was again running rough, but he was able to maintain altitude, and he would follow the Crooked River toward Goose Bay in case a precautionary landing became necessary. Three minutes later, C-FAGM called dispatch again, advising them that he was intending to land on a large area on the Crooked River. He also indicated that there was an odour of smoke in the aircraft. The aircraft was in a nose-down, left- bank attitude, with the flaps fully extended and the skis retracted when it struck the frozen surface of the river. The Otter bounced clear of the surface, turned left came to rest in an upright position.While en route between Phoenix and El Paso, the left engine of the C-47 lost partial power as a result of a cracked cylinder. The crew stated the left engine was shut down and additional power was applied to the right engine to compensate for the increasing rate of descent. Shortly afterwards the right engine started running rough and a forced landing was made.Crashed.Crashed during a resupply flight from Pathankot Air Base.The aircraft collided with a hill at 1900 feet while flying in IFR conditions with slight rain.The Cessna Citation struck the NDB antenna on approach, crashed and caught fire.During final approach to runway 24 at Koblenz-Winningen Airport, the lAS dropped below minimum. The aircraft touched the ground 10 m before the runway. The pilot took over control and initiated an overshoot. He was not able to establish directional control and the right wing touched the ground. The aircraft veered to the right of the runway, rolled to the left touching the ground with the left wing, turned and stopped in a field. A small fire on the right engine was extinguished by the crew.A Douglas C-47 transport plane crashed on the shore of Laguna de Peten, a lake close to Flores-Santa Elena Airport (FRS).The pilot stole an An-2 and fled to Sweden. He ditched the aircraft and swam to the shore of Gotland Island where he requested political asylum.Taxi clearance was received at 16:35 and the flight left gate 14B for runway 19. The airplane was cleared for takeoff at 16:44. Shortly after lifting off, at 200 feet above the ground, the engine torque gauges began to fluctuate erratically and the plane began to yaw back and forth. The captain believed the TTL (Torque Temperature Limiting) system may have been bypassing fuel to the engines (a situation that could occur when power levers are advanced too far forward). He then slightly decreased the power settings which resulted in even greater torque oscillations and greater yawing. The captain believed both engines were malfunctioning for some unknown reason and landed back on runway 19, because a 90deg turn for runway 28 seemed impossible. The aircraft overran the runway, struck a 6 feet high chain link fence, struck a concrete barrier and skidded across the Route 61 highway before coming to rest on a parking lot.Crashed into a ravine.The aircraft, named "Talaud", crashed in a ravine while approaching Ruteng.Air New Zealand Flight 24, a Boeing 747, was undergoing a pre-flight check by its crew when an airline customer services supervisor entered the cockpit and threatened the crew with explosives. He demanded the aircraft take on extra fuel and ordered that it be flown to Libya, although other reports suggest he wanted to go to New Zealand. All passengers were released but he held the three flight crew members for nearly six hours while he negotiated with authorities. The hijacker was overpowered and taken into custody after one of the crew struck him on the head with a whiskey bottle. The hijacking attempt was apparently related to a political coup on Fiji one week earlier.Crashed short of the runway.Crashed on approach in poor weather.The aircraft pitched up, rolled left, crashed into trees and caught fire.The airplane was destabilized by a slight vertical air movement on approach. The pilot touched the airplane down short of the runway, collapsing the landing gear before sliding off the strip into adjacent tundra.Prof check flight with a simulated single engine power loss on takeoff. It climbed only about 50 feet. The nose pitched up and the plane went in a steep bank attitude, descended and crashed in wooded terrain in a right wing down, nose high attitude.Crashed.Douglas DC-3C C-FADD was returning to Pickle Lake from Big Trout Lake following delivery of a cargo of fuel. This was the third similar and last operation of the day. As the aircraft approached Pickle Lake, the pilot informed the company dispatch office that, prior to landing, he intended to carry out some local training for the benefit of the co-pilot who was scheduled to be upgraded to captain status the following month. The captain, a company training pilot, occupied the right seat. The aircraft entered a west to east holding pattern at the airport's NDB, descending in stages from 8,500 feet asl to 2,700 feet asl, the appropriate altitude for an instrument approach. The pilot transmitted that they would execute an NDB approach and subsequently reported during the procedure turn inbound to the airfield. About three minutes later, two other pilots flying in the vicinity observed the aircraft in a descent with the left wing folded upwards. The aircraft continued descending in an inverted attitude until it struck the ground.The undercarriage collapsed on landing. The DC-6 overturned and broke in three, catching fire.At 10:18 flight LO5055 took off from Warsaw runway 33 for a flight to New York-JFK. The aircraft headed for the GRU VOR, which it passed at FL265, climbing to FL310. Two minutes later (at 10:41) the no. 2 engine Low Pressure turbine shaft broke loose, followed by the failure of the turbine disc. Debris punctured the aft fuselage, causing a fire in the cargo hold. The elevator control system was severed and the no. 1 engine had to be shut down. The flight crew immediately started an emergency descent to 4000 m. After shutting down both no. 1 and no. 2 engine the crew mistakenly thought the fire was extinguished. They had decided to land at Modlin airport, but still unaware of the fire, changed to Warsaw-Okecie runway 33 because of better rescue equipment there. The flight started a left turn for runway 33 at 11:09 at an altitude of 1450 m and an airspeed of 480 km/h. The crew lost control during the turn and the Il-62 crashed into a forest, 6 km from the runway at an airspeed of 465 km/h and an 11deg. left bank, 12 degrees nose-down.Flight 5452 departed San Juan at 06:20 for a VFR flight to Mayaguez. The flight to Mayaguez was uneventful until the base leg turn to finals for runway 09. Witnesses saw the aircraft making a tight turn (without extending the downwind leg as usual) and overshooting the extended centreline. The aircraft then made a violent turn and entered a high sink rate. The right wingtip struck the ground 643 feet short of the runway threshold and 67 feet right of the extended centreline. The plane continued 100 feet through a chain-link fence and a ditch before pivoting about 180deg coming to rest upright.A lone male passenger attempted to hijack an Iran Air aircraft on a domestic flight from Shiraz to Tehran. He was apparently subdued by security staff onboard the plane.Crashed.Crashed.The ill-fated flight crew were scheduled to fly Lockheed Electra N5532 from Seattle (SEA) to Oakland (as Flight 201), from Oakland to Reno (RNO) as Flight 202, from Reno (RNO) to Minneapolis (MSP) as Flight 203 and finally returning to Seattle using flight number 204.The Ilyushin turned right twice with 30° bank, then turned left with a vertical bank, lost control and crashed.A lone male hijacked Eastern Airlines Flight 403 en route from Newark (EWR) to Miami (MIA) with 123 passengers and 9 crew members aboard. The hijacker emerged from the rear lavatory shouting in Spanish that he wanted to go to Cuba. The hijacker, holding a "Bic" type lighter in one hand and a bag in the other, told passengers and crew that he had poured gasoline on himself and the floor of the aircraft. He also claimed to have explosives inside the bag that he held inDamaged beyond repair by hail. Sunstate Airlines later used the remains for spares and the Nomad was broken up January 1986.The An-24 stalled and crashed while performing a missed approach in drizzle and fog.Belly landing.While on short final the aircraft was observed to nose down into the displaced threshold of runway 33L . The copilot stated that he sensed that he was getting slow and went to add power with his left hand. He was sitting for the first time in the left seat and although he had over 2400 total flight hrs, all but 2 hours of that were in aircraft that had the throttle control on the left. the pilot in command attempted to pull back on the yoke but the gear collapsed on touchdown and the aircraft bounced back up into the air before settling back down on the runway.The aircraft came from U-Tapao Air Base and intended to land at Bangkok-Don Muang Airport (BKK) in poor visibility. The pilot decided not to land on the fully equipped civil runway. He carried out an approach to the military runway instead, which was closer to the military terminal. The F-27 landed next to the runway and ploughed trough a field. The wings, tail, and undercarriage were torn away by the impact. The aircraft overturned and an engine caught fire.The aircraft came from U-Tapao Air Base and intended to land at Bangkok-Don Muang Airport (BKK) in poor visibility. The pilot decided not to land on the fully equipped civil runway. He carried out an approach to the military runway instead, which was closer to the military terminal. The F-27 landed next to the runway and ploughed trough a field. The wings, tail, and undercarriage were torn away by the impact. The aircraft overturned and an engine caught fire.Damaged beyond repair.A lone female attempted to hijack a Pan Am aircraft at Cleveland-Hopkins International Airport, OH (CLE). The hijacker proceeded through the deplaning lane of the security checkpoint as an unticketed passenger. Upon being challenged by security personnel, she drew a pistol and pointed it at one of the guards. She then proceeded down the concourse and entered the jetway for Pan Am Flight 558 which had just arrived from Cincinnati and was in the process of deplaning. At the door of the aircraft, the hijacker fired three shots, and wounded a ticket agent who was escorting a mother with a child. Two additional shots were fired and missed police officers as they attempted to board the aircraft. Some of the passengers on board were able to deplane through the rear ventral stairs, however, approximately eight passengers and one crew member were held on board as hostages. The hijacker's initial demand was to go to South America, with Brazil a possible destination. After one hour of negotiations, the hijacker was persuaded to release four of the hostages. After approximately five and one-half hours, an FBI SWAT team stormed the aircraft shooting and wounding the hijacker. In the process, the hijacker shot one member of the SWAT team in the chest, which richocheted off his bullet-proof vest. The remainder of the hostages were released unharmed.Delta Flight 655, a DC-9, had just arrived at Daytona Beach Airport from Atlanta, Georgia, and was preparing for a return flight. The hijacker apparently gained access to the air operations area (AOA) through a gate in the baggage claim area used by the deplaning passengers. He had not gone through any form of preboard screening. He ran on to the AOA and confronted the Delta ramp supervisor with a .25 caliber pistol and said that he "wanted the plane." He then ordered all the crew off the aircraft, except for the first officer, and then had the aircraft taxi out to the runway. The hijacker said that he wanted "to take the plane straight up and then straight down," apparently to commit suicide. A police officer, in an attempt to immobilize the aircraft, shot out one of the tires. The ramp supervisor negotiated with the hijacker by radio and he subsequently surrendered his weapon to the first officer and had him taxi the aircraft back to the terminal. The hijacker was arrested and charged with air piracy. There were no injuries during the hijacking.A missed approach procedure was carried out due to bad weather at the destination Alpena. The flight was cleared for another ILS approach at 21:53. The Bandeirante descended crashed in a wooded area 1,5 msl short of the runway and 300 feet left of the extended centreline of runway 01.Stalled and crashed on takeoff.Stalled and crashed on takeoff.Midair collision between Learjets N39DM and N97DM while engaged in a surface vessel attack training under US Navy control.Midair collision between Learjets N39DM and N97DM while engaged in a surface vessel attack training under US Navy control.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Libya. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Reported damaged beyond repair.The aircraft undershot the runway during a night time approach.The no. 1 engine stopped and the propeller feathered 1 second following flap extension. The aircraft entered a left bank and turn and finally stalled and crashed 8 km short of the runway.A TWA flight from Miami to New York was hijacked by a female passenger. She became enraged after being told to put out a cigarette before takeoff from Miami.Damaged beyond repair.Total loss of electrical power forced the crew to divert to Coatesville (CTH). The thrust reverser could not be deployed following the flapless landing and the Falcon overran the runway, hit a wooden beam and a snowbank, then came to rest in a ditch.The C-130 ELINT plane was shot down by an Iraqi Air Force MiG-25PD, using an R-40 (NATO code name AA-6) missile.The 2800 feet runway Visual Range (RVR) was below the ILS runway 06 minimum of 4000 feet. The Erie Airport runway 24 RVR appeared to be within limits and an ILS approach and landing were carried out in tailwind conditions.On February 20, 1986 a Fokker F-27 of Iran Asseman Airlines (EP-ANA, cn 10554) was attacked by an Iraqi fighter plane. The aircraft was damaged, but landed safely and was later repaired. EP-ANA was later written-off in an accident on October 4, 1990. Iran claimed that the EP-ANA was actually shot down, killing all 49 passengers and crew on board. The Kawasaki C-1 transport plane suffered a runway excursion while attempting to take off from Iruma Air Base, Japan in heavy snow. The aircraft lost its undercarriage in wings after sliding for 500 m. Two of the seven crew members were injured.Unexpectedly strong headwind caused the aircraft to run out of fuel. The Ilyushin crashed into a glacier slope in whiteout conditions while attempting an emergency landing. All occupants were killed.The China Airlines Boeing 737 departed Taipei at 18:09 for a flight to Magong, Pescadores Islands. During the first attempt to land, a nosegear tire had reportedly burst. The crew initiated a go-around during which the aircraft crashed into the sea. The wreckage was found on March 10 in 190 feet of water, 12 miles North of Magong.The no. 1 engine lost power and the prop was feathered on climbout. The left wingtip hit the ground during a turn back to the runway. The aircraft crashed and burst into flames.During a night takeoff from Saransk the captain mistook red lights on the localizer and inner marker beacon for the anti-collision lights of an oncoming aircraft and took violent evasive action. The aircraft lost altitude and collided with the ground, breaking up on impact.The aircraft force-landed in bush.Delta Flight 139, a TriStar with 211 passengers and 11 crew, was taxiing towards the terminal at Dallas Ft.-Worth International Airport when a male passenger ran to the forward cabin area from the back of the aircraft, grabbed a male flight attendant, and placed a pocket-knife with a 3-inch blade to his throat. The passenger had boarded the aircraft at Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, after going through normal preboard screening. The man stated that he was hijacking the aircraft and demanded access to the cockpit. He also claimed to have a hand grenade. During the first hours of negotiations, he allowed all the passengers to deplane and demanded that he be provided police protection for himself and his family from what he described as "Mafia hit men." He never said where he wanted the aircraft to go. After about two hours of negotiations, the flight-attendant being held by the hijacker managed to escape from his grasp and he was overpowered by FBI agents. No grenade or explosive device was found. He was arrested and charged with air piracy and interference with a flight crewmember but was subsequently found not guilty by reason of insanity. There were no injuries during the hijacking.Belly landed after the crew forgot to lower the landing gear.Written off.Gear up landing; the HS-748 slid to stop beside the runway, 1075 m from threshold. Crashed during a demonstration flight for the Abu Dhabi Defence Force.The plane ditched into the Sibuyan Sea after engine failure (sudden drop of oil pressure) with 6.5 metric tons of seafood on board.Landed on a frozen lake and sank when the ice broke.An uncontained no. 2 engine failure occurred on takeoff from runway 16. The Metro crossed the end of the runway at 150 feet with the engine on fire and crashed into trees in a nose-high attitude. The pre-1979 3rd stage stator assembly in the right engine did not have the latest manufacture welding process/inspection and failed causing the uncontained turbine failure.Written off.Rolled off runway. Damaged beyond repair.The pilot said that he made a normal crosswind landing on runway 26L at Denver-Stapleton International Airport, Colorado. After leaving the runway and taxiing parallel to the runway he observed the wind increasing in velocity. He stopped the aircraft but a strong gust of wind flipped the aircraft over.The Douglas DC-3C yawed to the left during takeoff from Jaisalmer Airport, India. The pilot could not correct this and attempted a  premature lift off close to the side of the runway. The aircraft fell back and impacted the ground beside the runway. The aircraft  was destroyed in the resulting fire.Crashed onto a mine hostel building during a simulated engine failure after takeoff on a night training exercise.Buffalo Airways flight 721, a regularly scheduled cargo flight, was operating between Oklahoma City, OK, and Fort Wayne, IN (FWA), with en route stops at Wichita, KS (ICT), and Kansas City, MO (MCI). The flight to Wichita was routine. En route to Kansas City, the crew deviated from course to avoid thunderstorms, but the descent into the terminal area was routine. At 21:42 flight 721 contacted the TRACON arrival radar controller. The controller directedThe 707 touched down to the right of the runway centreline following an ILS approach in heavy rain. The right main gear collapsed and the aircraft struck runway lights and electric boxes.The Hercules aircraft took off from Travis AFB at 14:45 for the second of a series of local training flights. Approaches and practice landings were carried out at McClellan AFB before returning to Travis. A runway 21L ILS approach and full stop landing were to be made by a 1st officer candidate. A balked landing forced the captain to take over the controls and initiate a go-around. The no. 1 and no. 2 engines both decelerated when throttles were advanced. The aircraft then banked left and struck the airport perimeter fence in a nose-low and steep left-wing low attitude.During taxi operations in preparation for a takeoff from Boston Logan Airport, the Beech 1900 aircraft was struck by a ground vehicle.On approach, the aircraft struck electrical power lines and crashed short of the runway. The aircraft broke up and the tail section separated from the main fuselage, which was immediately engulfed in fire.Two Soviet Air Force Ilyushin 76's (CCCP-76679 and CCCP-76685) were practising a formation flight at night. Due to a navigational error both aircraft collided and crashed into Lake Sivash.Two Soviet Air Force Ilyushin 76's (CCCP-76679 and CCCP-76685) were practising a formation flight at night. Due to a navigational error both aircraft collided and crashed into Lake Sivash.The An-2 departed Budapest (BUD) on a flight to Warsaw, Poland. After crossing the Bratislava-Budapest FIR it met adverse weather circumstances and began to accumulate ice on the fuselage and wings. The pilot decided to return to Budapest. On the way back low clouds were encountered. A descent was initiated to remain visual. The Budapest Approach controller warned the pilot to remain maintain FL40 as the lowest altitude over the hills. The pilot reported he was flying at FL40. Radio contact was lost and it appeared that the An-2 crashed in the hilly area NW of Budapest.A Gates Learjet 24A was on a positioning flight from Denver (DEN) to Eagle (EGE) to enplane a patient for a medical evacuation flight. Struck a hillside shortly after takeoff from the Campo dos Afonsos Air Base in Rio de Janeiro.Crashed into the sea during a SAR mission. The wreckage was found after two days.The Viscount landed with a tailwind on the slippery runway 07. After landing the nose and right main gear collapsed. The aircraft was damaged beyond repair and the hulk was moved to Bandung.The aircraft flew into Mount Zhaksy-Zhangiztau in poor weather. The aircraft was cancelled from the Soviet register on January 16, 1986 and probably crashed earlier that month.Damaged beyond repair.The Shorts 360 aircraft was scheduled to fly from Dublin (DUB) to East Midlands Airport (EMA) as Aer Lingus flight 328. An instrument approach to Los Mochis runway 09 was flown despite the fact that the weather was below minima due to fog. The DC-3 went around and the crew elected to divert to Las Lomitas, a small airport nearby which was no longer being used for commercial flights.The crew unknowingly tried to takeoff from a taxiway. The takeoff was aborted, but the aircraft overran, collided with a dyke and broke in two. The weather was foggy.Shot down by a Pakistani General Dynamics F-16A after reportedly intruding Pakistani airspace. The airplane was suspected to be on a electronic intelligence (ELINT) mission.During water takeoff the aircraft struck an object, possibly a dead tree. The aircraft veered to the left and the pilot aborted the takeoff. The aircraft collided with the water and sank.The Boeing landed in rainy weather with a 240deg/30 knots wind on runway 35 and overran the runway. The aircraft collided with a hill and came to rest 120 m past the end of the runway.Boeing 727 HZ-TFA departed Riyadh at 18:55. Some 17 minutes after takeoff, at FL350, the captain noticed the smell of burning plastic. Thick black smoke was discovered in the master lavatory. While the flight engineer tried to extinguish the fire, an emergency descent was initiated and the aircraft returned to Riyadh. The aircraft landed safely on runway 33L.The aircraft, with two crew members, two passengers, and a load of cargo, struck a 150-foot-high radio tower, while the crew was manoeuvring to land in poor weather. As the aircraft then became difficult to control, the crew carried out a wheels-up forced landing.The Caravelle took off from Guatemala City at 07:00 on a flight to Flores. The aircraft crashed in a hilly jungle area after executing a second missed approach procedure. Low lying clouds in the area forced the crew to carry out the missed approaches.Crashed.Indian Airlines flight IC529 was a domestic flight from Madras to Tiruchirappalli, India. Weather conditions at the destination were below minima. The pilot descended below Minimum Descent Altitude (MDA) and carried out a tight circling approach, remaining close to the runway. During a tight left turn for finals to runway 27 the pilot was not able to align the aircraft with the runway. A go around was executed during which the left wing contacted the runway surface due to an excessive bank angle close to the ground.A Metro Flight airlines Convair CV-580 attempted takeoff from runway 35L at the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, TX (DFW) with crosswinds exceeding demonstrated capability of the aircraft. The takeoff attempt violated company limitations for crosswinds in the Convair CV-580. Crashed on approach.Two An-26 transport planes of the Libyan Arab Air Force were destroyed on the ground at Wadi Doum in northern Chad when Chadian "Forces Armées Nationales du Tchad" (FANT) troops overran the airfield.Two An-26 transport planes of the Libyan Arab Air Force were destroyed on the ground at Wadi Doum in northern Chad when Chadian "Forces Armées Nationales du Tchad" (FANT) troops overran the airfield.The KC-135 was engaged in a low-level practice refueling display routine when it encountered the wake turbulence of a B-52.The Antonov landed fast (265 km/h) and hard (2,35 g vertical acceleration), causing severe damage to the undercarriage.Three passengers attempted to hijack Cubana Airlines Flight CU-706,an Antonov 24, as it prepared to depart Havana on a domestic flight to Nueva Gerona with 48 people aboard. The hijackers brandished hand grenades and demanded to be flown to the United States. In the ensuing struggle with passengers, one grenade exploded injuring 13 persons.The flight landed at New York-JFK International Airport with the landing gears retracted due to a failure of the right main landing gear extension system.Crashed while on a smuggling flight.Alaska Airlines Flight AS-93, a Boeing 727, was en route from Seattle to Anchorage with 102 passengers and 7 crew members when a passenger, a Cuban refugee, handed a note to a flight attendant which indicated he wanted to go to Cuba.The Antonov struck a mountainside at 2370 m, 21 m below the summit. The crew failed to change heading while descending towards Alma-Ata. Air traffic control didn't monitor the flight for 2 minutes when the aircraft deviated from the airway. Upon noticing the deviation, the controller instructed a correcting right turn. The flight never responded, because communications in the vicinity of the mountain massif were unstable.The crew stated they were descending for landing when they flew through a flock of geese that were traveling in the same direction. They received three or four bird strikes. The aircraft landed without further incident.Written off.The flight was uneventful during takeoff and climb to an assigned cruise altitude of FL260. Approximately 40 minutes after takeoff the number 3 engine experienced an uncontained failure of the turbine blades on the number 4 power turbine wheel. Although debris from the engine penetrated the pressure vessel, the pilot made an unscheduled landing at Fresno Airport, California without further incident. Examination of the engine revealed that ferrous chips were contaminating, and oil was bypassing the engine oil filter for at least 40 days. However, no corrective action was taken by company maintenance personnel. The oil and filter were changed three times in the three months previous to the accident. The examination revealed that the contaminated oil contributed to the failure of the number four turbine bearing subsequently leading to overheating and damage to the overspeed sensors. The turbine oversped and the turbine blades departed the turbine disc.Damaged beyond repair.DC-9 "Gissur Viking" was approaching Trondheim runway 27 with the co-pilot at the controls. Descending through 2500 feet the ATC controller asked the crew to contact SAS Station in Trondheim over company frequency. The captain was working through the checklist but contacted SAS, contrary to company regulations (it's not allowed use company frequency while on final approach). The captain then forgot to arm the spoilers because he had not completed the checklist. He co-pilot noticed that the spoilers had not been armed and, while descending through 100 feet, called "Spoilers". The pilot instinctively extended the spoilers and, realizing his mistake, immediately retracted them. The aircraft entered a high sink rate and touched down heavily. A go-around was executed and after landing severe structural damage was found to the undercarriage, engines (30deg resp. 15deg tilted down), and tail cone (the APU was pushed half way up the tail).Flight IR451 arrived at Bandar Abbas (BND) from Tehran (THR) at 08:40. The Airbus A300 was to continue to Dubai (DXB) as flight IR655. Prior to departure the crew received an enroute clearance to Dubai via the flight planned route A59 and A59W at FL140. The flight took off from runway 21 at 10:17 hours and climbed straight ahead.Flight IR451 arrived at Bandar Abbas (BND) from Tehran (THR) at 08:40. The Airbus A300 was to continue to Dubai (DXB) as flight IR655. Prior to departure the crew received an enroute clearance to Dubai via the flight planned route A59 and A59W at FL140. The flight took off from runway 21 at 10:17 hours and climbed straight ahead.Engine failure; struck high tension wires during emergency landing and crashed into a field.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair - location unknown; assumed to be within Venezuela.The pilot did not hold a type rating or written authorization to act as pilot in command. The co-pilot did not hold a type rating or written authorization to act as second in command and his medical had expired. The aircraft did not have an airworthiness certificate or had a special flight permit been issued. The left propeller went into reverse during the initial climb due to corrosion and deterioration of the wiring that controlled the propeller. The aircraft crashed out of control after colliding with power lines during take off. It struck the ground and went through a fence then down a slope and over an embankment. The aircraft then bounced across a street while turning around and colliding with a power line pole tail first. The aircraft has travelled about 537 ft from initial ground contact. All three engines were still producing power when the aircraft came to rest.Crashed.The newly delivered Airbus A.320 was to perform for Air Charter a series of flights on behalf of the Mulhouse Flying Club. The crew were to overfly Mulhouse-Habsheim airport two times (first at low speed, gear down at 100 feet and the other at high speed in clean configuration) as part of an airshow. The An-26 crashed at Kabul after being shot at (small arms fire) by mujahedin rebels.The aircraft ground looped on landing and ran off the runway. The undercarriage collapsed.Vayudoot flight 125 from Bhopal, India, touched down normally at Guna Airport. After rolling 750 feet, the aircraft moved to the left and ran off the side of the runway. It entered kutcha and hit a flower bed. The nose landing gear folded and dragged for about 55 feet. There was no fire.Indian Airlines flight IC422 was a domestic service from Srinagar to Delhi via Jammu and Chandigarh, India. The aircraft, a Boeing 737-200, landed gear up on runway 10 at Delhi-Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL). The no. 1 engine then caught fire due to a fuel leak from ruptured fuel lines and a broken fuel control unit. The fire was quickly put out by fire services.The aircraft, named "Siberut", was approaching runway 05 when the hydraulic pressure fell to 0. The landing roll was too far to the right and the aircraft ran off the side of the runway.Descended fast on final approach. Application of full power couldn't prevent the aircraft from impacting the ground short of the runway.Crashed shortly after takeoff when an engine failure was simulated on one of the engines.An Afghan military transport plane bound for a besieged garrison of government troops at Khost was reportedly shot down by mujahedin guerrillas.On a flight from Rovno to Vladimirets th An-2 encountered a thunderstorm of which the crew had not been warned of by ATC. The engine flamed out due to rain ingestion, forcing the crew to carry out a forced landing. The aircraft force-landed in a wooded area near Aleksandriya village (Rovno region).The An-2 struck a barrier (a ring-fence) of the observation desk on the chimney of a heat-electric generation plant while it was in the level flight at height of 191 m. The pilots lost control, and the airplane crashed and caught fire.Crashed during the UNITAS exercise near the San Mateo village in Manabí.Crashed during the UNITAS exercise near the San Mateo village in Manabí.The C-130 crew were practicing touch-and-goes at Greenville. The airplane crashed short of the runway and burned.The captain was completing the checklist during passenger loading and the first officer secured the door and came forward. the captain started the #2 eng and began single engine taxi while attempting a right turn to stay clear of a parked Dornier (N264MC). As N259MC began rolling forward, the captain noted the nosewheel steering was inoperative. He applied normal braking, but got no response and N259MC began a left turn. The captain switched the hydraulic pump from 'normal' to 'man on' (manual); however, before hydraulic pressure was built up by battery power, N259MC collided with N264MC. An investigation revealed the #2 generator was not connected to the generator bus. No part malfunction/failure was found during checks of the aircraft systems. The nosewheel steering and normal brakes were electro-hydraulically actuated. Without generator power, the hydraulic system nosewheel steering and normal brakes would not have been operating with the hydraulic switch in the 'normal' position. An emergency (parking) brake was available, but it was not used. The training program, operation manual and Dornier 228-series pilot operating handbook did not address single-engine ground operation or the effects of an interruption in generator power.Damaged beyond repair in landing accident. The aircraft was stored somewhere within Yucatan and later destroyed by Hurricane Gilbert 14 September 1988.Crashed.The F-27 took off from Billund for a flight to Nürnberg via Hannover. The crew were performing an ADF approach to Hannover runway 09R.The Learjet departed with several discrepancies and with two unauthorized passengers on board, one was the co-pilot's wife. The aircraft climbed to and levelled at 1900 feet. The plane rolled inverted, and struck the terrain in 80 degrees nose down, wings level attitude and heading opposite to direction of flight, very near the co-pilot's home. The copilot was new to jet operations.Failure of no. 1 engine during the takeoff from runway 35. After climbing to 50-100 feet the Bandeirante lost altitude and struck the ground. Part of the aircraft caught fire. It appeared that the compressor turbine blade of no. 1 engine had separated.Destroyed by fire in hangar.Collided with terrain in an attempt to locate clear weather.The Stratotanker caught fire during landing rollout and burned out. At the time of the explosion the copilot was making a radio transmission using the UHF radio. The UHF wire which runs near the aft wing root in the fuselage was melted due to an electrical fault. Fuel vapors in the area of the aft body tank were ignited. Struck trees during a low-level flight from Chimoio (VPY) to Casabanana. The airplane was totally destroyed by impact and fire.The aircraft was engaged upon a contracted freight (mail) flight, from Liverpool to the Isle of Man, U.K, and was planned to depart Liverpool at 07:29 hrs. An Antonov 26 transport plane was shot down by Afghan mujahedin guerrillas.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The right float separated on landing. The Twin Otter sank.Ditched in bad weather.Crashed in a mountainous area from an altitude of 11900 m. One of the passengers was French senior official Michel Baroin. He was returning to France after meeting with Congolese president Denis Sassou-Nguesso.The plane, carrying Gen. Angel Augusto Flores, 52, the air force chief, and Gens. Raul Cousin and Galo Coronel, crashed into a mountain on the outskirts of Quito.Crashed after landing in shallow water.Forced landing in a swamp following engine problems.The Cessna 208 was en route to Maryland County, Liberia (presumably Cape Palmas Airport) when it crashed into the sea.The steering of the nose-wheel failed during the takeoff run. The aircraft veered off the runway to the left and collided with an embankment.Landing accident.Destroyed.A Beechcraft 99, operated by Catskill Airways, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Oneonta, NY.The Avianca plane was hijacked by a man who demanded to be taken to Cuba. The hijacked carried a (toy) grenade. The flight returned to Medellin were the hijacker released all passengers. The flight continued to Panama City, Aruba and finally Cartagena. As the airplane was taxiing after a night-time landing, the hijacker fled the plane. He was captured later when he was found hiding in mangrove roots near the airport.The takeoff was abandoned after V1 because the aircraft wouldn't rotate. The aircraft overran runway 07, collided with a fence, crossed a ditch, struck a hill and caught fire.The crew of American Flight 70 rejected the takeoff when the slat disagree light illuminated and the takeoff warning horn sounded at 166 knots (V1), but the aircraft accelerated to 178 knots ground speed before it began to decelerate. The deceleration was normal until 130 knots where an unexpected rapid decay in the deceleration occurred. The aircraft ran off the end of the runway at 95 knots, the nose gear collapsed, and the aircraft came to a stop 1,100 feet beyond the end of the runway. Eight of the ten brake sets failed. Post-accident examination of the brakes revealed that excessive brake wear occurred during the rejected takeoff. Testing showed that DC-10 worn brakes have a much greater wear rate during a rejected takeoff. The FAA did not require worn brake testing. Douglas did not use brake wear data from rto certification tests to set more conservative brake wear replacement limits. New brakes were used for those tests.Crashed.Reported crashed.Two hijackers demanded to be taken to Taiwan. Demands were accepted and hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The aircraft was on final approach to Chicago O'Hare Airport when a structural failure of the number three flap track occurred. The aircraft sustained substantial damage to the left wing, left inboard flap assembly, left inboard spoilers and spoiler support beam. The pilot experienced significant uncommanded roll and yaw, but regained control of the aircraft and executed an uneventful landing. On final approach the weather minima at the airport went below those aircraft and crew were certified for. During the late and low missed approach procedure the aircraft belly landed, slid, and came to a stop in a snowy field after a ca. 300 m slide, 153 m south of the runway centreline.Flight WF710 took off from Trondheim (TRD) at 19:23 on a domestic light to Namsos (OSY), Brønnøysund (BNN), Sandnessjøen (SSJ) and Bodø Airport (BOO).Flight WF710 took off from Trondheim (TRD) at 19:23 on a domestic light to Namsos (OSY), Brønnøysund (BNN), Sandnessjøen (SSJ) and Bodø Airport (BOO).Destroyed when the airfield was attacked by Ethiopian Air Force MiG-23's.On April 28, 1988, an Aloha Airline Boeing 737, N73711, was scheduled for a series of interisland flights in Hawaii. The crew flew three uneventful roundtrip flights, one each from Honolulu to Hilo (ITO), Kahului Airport, HI (OGG) on the island of Maui, and Kauai Island Airport (LIH). At 11:00, a scheduled first officer change took place for the remainder of the day. The crew flew from Honolulu to Maui and then from Maui to Hilo. At 13:25, flight 243 departed Hilo Airport en route to Honolulu. The first officer conducted the takeoff and en route climb to FL240 in VMC. As the airplane leveled at 24,000 feet, both pilots heard a loud "clap" or "whooshing" sound followed by a wind noise behind them. The first officer's head was jerked backward, and she stated that debris, including pieces of gray insulation, was floating in the cockpit. The captain observed that the cockpit entry door was missing and that "there was blue sky where the first-class ceiling had been." The captain immediately took over the controls of the airplane. He described the airplane attitude as rolling slightly left and right and that the flight controls felt "loose." Because of the decompression, both pilots and the air traffic controller in the observer seat donned their oxygen masks. The captain began an emergency descent. He stated that he extended the speed brakes and descended at an indicated airspeed (IAS) of 280 to 290 knots. Because of ambient noise, the pilots initially used hand signals to communicate. The first officer stated that she observed a rate of descent of 4,100 feet per minute at some point during the emergency descent. The captain also stated that he actuated the passenger oxygen switch. The passenger oxygen manual tee handle was not actuated. When the decompression occurred, all the passengers were seated and the seat belt sign was illuminated. The No. 1 flight attendant reportedly was standing at seat row 5. According to passenger observations, the flight attendant was immediately swept out of the cabin through a hole in the left side of the fuselage. The No. 2 flight attendant, standing by row 15/16, was thrown to the floor and sustained minor bruises. She was subsequently able to crawl up and down the aisle to render assistance and calm the passengers. The No. 3 flight attendant, standing at row 2, was struck in the head by debris and thrown to the floor. She suffered serious injuries. The first officer tuned the transponder to emergency code 7700 and attempted to notify Honolulu Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC) that the flight was diverting to Maui. Because of the cockpit noise level, she could not hear any radio transmissions, and she was not sure if the Honolulu ARTCC heard the communication. Although Honolulu ARTCC did not receive the first officer's initial communication, the controller working flight 243 observed an emergency code 7700 transponder return about 23 nautical miles south-southeast of the Kahalui Airport, Maui. Starting at 13:48:15, the controller attempted to communicate with the flight several times without success.Crashed.The An-26 was operating on a night-time training flight from Chkalovski. While performing a touch-and-go, the right propeller feathered. The aircraft could not gain altitude and the pilot attempted a forced landing, but the airplane hit a dacha and crashed into a small lake near Kudinovo (15 km Southeast of the runway threshold).Struck a hill in bad weather after a flight from Muya to Bagdarin.A no. 2 engine power loss on climbout forced the crew to return to the airport. A massive fire in the engine nacelle was discovered after lowering the gear. The airplane departed runway 16L on emergency landing and struck ground equipment before crashing into jetways B7 and B9.Cruising at FL310, the no. 2 engine first stage turbine disc separated, causing an uncontained engine failure. Turbine debris penetrated the fuselage structure and caused depressurization. The pilot made an emergency descent and landed at Charleston.While taxiing to runway 18 in poor weather, the crew turned into the parallel taxiway 'W' with a length of 1200 m. Takeoff was commenced and aborted again at the end of the 1200 m long taxiway. The aircraft stopped after 710 m in soft ground with all four engines torn off.While on a VFR flight from Ontario (ONT) to Las Vegas (VGT), the aircraft collided with mountainous terrain near the top of a 6500 feet (2000 m) high peak. Radar data showed that approx 20 min before the accident, the aircraft began a gradual descent from about FL100. This inadvertent descent was possibly caused by pilot fatigue (lack of sleep).The Yak-40 banked sharply to the left after takeoff, struck ground, broke up and caught fire.While climbing through an altitude of 8000 feet, engine no. 2 separates from the wing. A safe emergency landing was carried out at Recife.Destroyed.A Learjet 35A corporate jet, HB-VGC, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Lugano Airport (LUG), Switzerland. Both crew members survived.The Metro collided with a Mooney 20 (N6485U) at 7000 feet, while the Metro was on a runway 34 approach. Both airplanes fell to the ground with the wreckage scattered over 2sq miles in a residential area.Crashed on takeoff.Not providedA Cuban Air Force An-26 transport plane was approaching the Angolan city of Techamutete when it was shot down using a SAM-7 missile and friendly AAA fire. Cuban anti-aircraft batteries stationed in Angola were on alert because of the reported presence of enemy planes in the region.Crashed when attempting to return after takeoff.During a training/test flight the crew members tried to perform an approach to landing stall. When the stall recovery was initiated, both propellers 'hung up' when the high (cruise pitch) stops of each propeller failed to withdraw. As the power levers were advanced, turbine gas temperatures exceeded limitations; the left propeller auto-feathered, the right propeller was later feathered by the captain. Restart procedures were attempted without success, and a forced landing in a plowed cornfield ensued.Crashed in Lake Ontario following engine failure. Both occupants were rescued by a helicopter after about one hour. The pilot survived, but died later due to the effects of hypothermia.The Islander ditched off Pilas Island following engine problems. Three occupants were rescued, two bodies were found and the remaining seven were reported missing.Destroyed.Destroyed by shelling shortly after landing.The nose pitched down at a height of 10 m after takeoff. The Caravelle hit the runway hard causing the landing gear to fail. The aircraft slid off the runway and caught fire.The nose pitched down at a height of 10 m after takeoff. The Caravelle hit the runway hard causing the landing gear to fail. The aircraft slid off the runway and caught fire.Varig flight RG797 was a scheduled service from Abidjan, Ivory Coast, to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The flight was carried out by a Boeing 707-379C, PP-VJK. This was to be the last flight in Varig service as the aircraft had been sold to the Brazilian Air Force.Shot down by Afghan guerrilla forces.Kuwait Airways Flight 422 was hijacked by nine men, armed with hand grenades and guns. The flight diverted to Mashhad, Iran were 25 passengers were released. The hijackers demanded the release of 17 Shiite Muslims guerrillas held in Kuwait. One day into the hijacking, on April 6, 32 more hostages were released. But three days later the hijackers forced the Iranian authorities to refuel the jet and flew to Larnaca, Cyprus.An engine caught fire on the second takeoff attempt. The aircraft crashed at the runway end.No.1 engine torque fluctuated 20-30%, so the captain decided to shut it down. The prop couldn't be feathered however. A forced landing had to be made on uneven terrain.Struck El Espartillo Mountainat 6343 feet (1933 m) after takeoff from runway 33.One passenger brandished a gun and entered the cockpit. He demanded to be taken to Kabul, Afghanistan. New York Air Flight 681, a DC-9, was en route from Newark to Washington-Dulles International Airport when a passenger handed a note to a flight attendant which stated that the plane was being hijacked and that he would burn the plane. The aircraft, with 50 passengers and a crew of 5, landed about 30 minutes later at Dulles Airport. The hijacker demanded to speak with the leader of the Nation of Islam. Negotiations with FBI officials continued for about three hours after which he surrendered. He had no weapon. The hijacker had a history of mental illness and was subsequently found not guilty by reason of insanity.The flight originated from Lagos, Nigeria, at 13:20 hours local time as a training flight. The training flight commenced from Lagos with the trainee Captain on the left seat as the Pilot Flying while the Instructor Captain was on the right seat as Pilot-in-Command. The point of intended landing and subsequent trainings was Ilorin Airport.Crashed following engine fire.The aircraft was hijacked by family (11 people) from Irkutsk who demanded to be flown to London. A landing at Leningrad was made to refuel. While on the ground the aircraft was stormed by Russian troops. Explosions followed, causing severe damage to the tail of the aircraft. Five of the hijackers were killed, along with 3 passengers and a stewardess.Flight 230 departed Nancy at 06:53 for Paris-Orly and climbed to a cruising altitude of FL140. At 07:26 the aircraft was cleared to descend to FL90 and later FL70. Approaching the MEL VOR, clearance was given to descend further to FL60. Nothing more was heard from the flight thereafter. It appeared that an electrical system malfunction had occurred. Control was lost, the aircraft descended fast, struck power lines and crashed.During a routine maintenance inspection on 2 March 1988 numerous creases were found in the surfaces of both wings. In addition, spar cap rivets were found to be damaged by shear load. The damage was indicative of the aircraft having been subjected to excessive positive 'G' loading in flight. The circumstances leading to permanent deformation of the wings were not determined.An Embraer 110P1 Bandeirante passenger plane, registered ZS-LGP, was destroyed when it crashed in an industrial area of Germiston, South Africa. All seventeen on board were killed. The airplane operated on a flight from Phalaborwa Airport (PHW) to Johannesburg International Airport (JNB). The crew had been cleared for a VOR approach, but cancelled IFR and descended to 2000 feet, disregarding the altitude of the mountain chain ahead (3130 feet). Noticing mountains ahead the pilot tried to turn left and climb, but struck the mountain.A fire was discovered on board at FL90 and the aircraft returned. The descent rate increased and the aircraft struck the ground in a 45° angle. The fuel source was a leak under pressure from the right hand fuel booster pump or its adjacent plumbing.During a non-standard approach in IMC a course reciprocal to clearance was flown. Visual contact was lost and the aircraft descended through decision height. The aircraft landed rough beside the runway, broke up and caught fire.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Reportedly damaged and seen stored at Dinard.Both engines failed on approach; crashed.A Taiwanese man, using 2 fake grenades, attempted to hijack the flight to China. He was overpowered by the crew.The Metro aircraft took off from runway 23 at 21:25 and climbed to 300 feet. The plane struck the water within 100 feet of the shoreline of a reservoir at a point 5100 feet west of the midpoint of runway 23R. The wreckage continued into wooded area.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed into Lake Ontario.Damaged beyond repair.The Jetstream yawed and rolled while executing a go around. The aircraft pitched up, rolled right, entered a vertical descent and struck the ground after rolling through 270deg. The pilot had a history of requiring low altitude one engine go-arounds and delaying offers of assistance to students. The right engine in this case was operating at reduced power and the flaps were retracted, contrary to the aircraft handbook.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The 707 struck a radio antenna on top of a building, breaking hydraulic and control lines. The aircraft then overran on landing causing the nosegear to collapse.A jammed rudder and elevator caused the pilot to abort the takeoff at lift-off. The aircraft overran runway 25L, collided with obstacles and caught fire.Crashed.The Twin Otter flew into a hill in IMC conditions.Four Tanzanian youths (17-20 years old) hijacked the airplane attempting to find a better life abroad. They demanded to be flown to London via Addis Ababa.The Falcon 20 landed at Wheeling-Ohio County Airport, WV (HLG) runway 03 following an ILS approach. Shortly after touchdown the pilot-in-command saw a deer ahead on the runway. Before he could take evasive action the airplane struck two deer. Afterwards brake pressure was lost. The pilot steered the aircraft onto grass off the right side of the runway to avoid going past the runway end and down a hill. Examination revealed that the deer were struck with the left main gear, fracturing a hydraulic brake line.Surinam Airways (SLM) carried out regular flights between Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport (AMS) and Paramaribo (PBM) using DC-8-60 planes. One of these a US-registered plane, N1809E, named "Anthony Nesty". The air crew was furnished by Air Crew International (ACI). The contract between Surinam Airways and ACI stipulated that ACI would furnish SLM with qualified crew members who held FAA certificates and who met the regulatory requirements to fly the DC-8. ACI did not provide for proficiency checks but left it to the individual pilots to meet the training and other requirements of their profession. One of the captains provided by ACI was involved in several incidents while operating on SLM flights. After investigation, SLM instructed ACI not to use this captain in future SLM assignments. However, he still acted as a crew member of several flights since. The right main landing gear leg folded during landing at Palma de Mallorca Airport (PMI), Spain. The Douglas C-47 swung off the runway.The no. 1 engine began to vibrate shortly after takeoff. The engine was shut down and the crew wanted to return to Zella, but couldn't maintain height. The aircraft crashed in the desert.Four Haitian nationals attempted to hijack an ALM aircraft with 37 passengers and crew on a flight between Miami and Curacao. The hijackers boarded during a stopover in Port-Au-Prince. Once the plane was in the air, the hijackers claimed in a written note that they had a bomb hidden in the lavatory and wanted to be flown to Israel. The pilot chose not to comply and continued to fly and land in Curacao. The hijackers surrendered to authorities in Curacao.The IAI Arava transport plane flew into the Punta Bojórquez mountain, located on the border between Sinaloa and Chihuahua states, Mexico.A Cuban immigrant, who came to the U.S. as part of the Mariel boatlift, hijacked an American Airlines Boeing 727 and demanded to be flown to Cuba. The flight was en route from Dallas to MiamiThe aircraft ran off the strip during takeoff, cart wheeled and struck a building.Written off.The Metro aircraft suffered a lightning strike, following which the electrical system failed. The right wing broke off in an uncontrolled descent and the aircraft disintegrated.A de Havilland Canada DHC-3 Otter, N5323G, sank into the water of the Grenville Channel, BC, Canada. Both pilots survived. The airplane operated on a ferry flight from Phoenix, AZ to Gustavus, AK. The airplane was to be operated from Gustavus by Glacier Bay Airways.A Czechoslovakian male armed with a fake grenade hijacked a Czechoslovak YAK-40 commuter flight with 27 passengers during a flight between Prague and Karlovy Vary. The hijacker demanded theThe DC-3 entered a spin after completing a turn at 2200 feet agl, recovered, entered a second spin and crashed. The wreckage was found with the gear and flaps fully extended and the elevator trim set in a full nose up position.The ramp door opened in flight. Some control was lost and a forced landing was carried out on a hill.A forced landing was made following a fire in the no. 2 engine. The fire spread to the fuel tanks following landing.The Catalina flying boat aquaplaned on the runway at Turin. A go around was initiated too late. The plane hit a farm fence at the end of the runway and crashed in the farm courtyard. A post-crash fire ensued.The Peruvian Police Cessna Caravan struck Mount Huacranacro in the Cordillera de los Andes.A South African armed with a grenade, hijacked an Aeroflot IL-62 airliner carrying members of the African National Congress after takeoff from Luanda, Angola. The hijacker was shot by a security guard as he attempted to enter the cockpit of the aircraft. The airplane continued to the planned stop at Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania.Caught fire while offloading fuel.Overran the wet runway into a rice field following an aborted takeoff.Crashed shortly after takeoff.Damaged beyond repair.The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight for the kolkhoz (collective farm) "Rossiya" in the Kamenets District of the Brest Region with two unauthorised passengers on board. The crew flew a steep left turn at a height of some 15-20 metres and lost control. The aircraft impacted terrain 600 metres south-west of Dolbizno, caught fire and burnt out.Before the flight, the pilots of two Beechcraft 200 aircraft evaluated weather reports at a fixed base operation and made a computer weather inquiry. They departed Santa Monica Airport, CA (SMO), on a positioning flight to Farmington Municipal Airport, NM (FMN), without filing a flight plan. While en route, the lead aircraft was about 1 to 3 minutes ahead of the second aircraft. The second pilot reported they were at about 4500 ft msl as they neared mountains and the clouds were about 1000 ft above. As they continued eastward in a valley, the second pilot heard the lead pilot report he was 'going up.' This was the last known transmission from the lead aircraft. The second pilot continued his flight in VMC. Two days later, the lead aircraft was found, where it had crashed about 100 ft below the top of a 7400 ft mountain ridge. Impact occurred on a heading of about 030 deg. The mountain ridge was oriented on headings of 060 and 240 degrees.The Beech 99 was on short finals when it suddenly pitched up. It entered a steep dive to the left and crashed 150 m short of the runway 19 threshold and left of the extended centreline. The centre of gravity was probably too far aft due to weight disparity between passengers.Stalled and crashed during Sea Cadet open day.The aircraft collided with trees 2350 feet from the threshold of runway 23 at Columbia. Visibility was less than 100 feet due to dense fog. The trainee pilot had been without rest for at least 30 hours prior to the accident.Damaged beyond repair. The airplane was consequently withdrawn from use and put on display at Don Muang Airport.Drifted to left on landing rollout and collided with snow bank. Runway 2 centreline lighting was not available and the painted runway centreline was covered by the snow.Drifted to left on landing rollout and collided with snow bank. Runway 2 centreline lighting was not available and the painted runway centreline was covered by the snow.Struck a mountain near the Colombian border. The airplane was en route to an airport in the Darién Province of Panama. The wreckage was found after about two weeks.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The Vanguard took off at Paris-Orly (ORY) for a cargo flight to Toulouse (TLS). During climbout the no. 4 Rolls Royce Tyne 512 engine gave high TGT readings. Engine power was reduced and the engine shut down at cruise altitude. The engine was relighted during the descent into Toulouse were the Vanguard landed at 22:59. The DC-6, operated by Nicaraguan rebel forces, was dropping military supply and food when it was shot down by government forces.Trans-Colorado Airlines flight 2286 departed Denver-Stapleton Airport at 18:20 for a flight to Durango and Cortez. The aircraft climbed to FL230. AT 19:03 the flight was cleared to descend to FL160 and seven minutes later to FL150. At 19:14 the Denver ARTCC issued a clearance for a VOR/DME approach to Durango runway 20. While on final approach, the aircraft hit the ground and pitched up. Engine power was increased and the plane rolled several times laterally before striking the ground again, sliding to a stop about 5 miles short of the airport.Struck high ground on approach.Descended below glide path during a runway 36L ILS approach, collided with a tree and struck the ground.The no.1 and no. 3 engines rpm dropped on takeoff. The no. 2 engine rpm also dropped, but recovered. The no. 1 and no. 3 engines eventually shut down, causing the aircraft to lose speed. The plane stalled, collided with obstacles and broke up.Heavy landing with a force of -4.8 g. The tail section separated from the main fuselage at about fuselage frames 49-54. Also, the front section of the fuselage broke around fuselage frames 12-14.Struck a hill in bad weather, 100 km northwest of La Paz during a flight to an airport in the Beni Department.The no. 4 engine right starter generator became so hot that the feathering oil tube was burnt. The oil tube burst upon feathering of the prop and the engine caught fire. The pylon burned and the engine separated. Severe vibrations caused the no. 1 prop to feather. The Il-18 lost control and crashed.ILS approach to runway 04 with an RVR of 1400 feet. Descended below decision height and collided with powerlines at 70 feet, 6500 feet short of the runway. Minimum RVR for a runway 04 approach was 2400 feet.Prior to a scheduled 07:20 departure, the flight and cabin crew of Delta flight 1490 completed their pre-flight duties and checks. The first officer would act as the pilot flying during the flight to Spokane. Before-start checks were completed without incident. Delta Flight 1490 received its IFR clearance to Spokane, and, at 07:18, the aircraft was instructed to taxi to runway 08 and to await takeoff clearance. At 07:28, Flight 1490 was cleared to take off and to contact Departure Control after takeoff. The initial takeoff roll was uneventful until the airspeed reached between 100 and 110 knots. At that time, the flight crew heard a loud bang, and the aircraft veered slightly to the left. The takeoff was rejected, andA Dassault Falcon 20F corporate jet, registered VR-BJB, was damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion accident at Lugano Airport (LUG), Switzerland. Both crew members survived. The airplane operated on a flight from Lugano to Roma-Ciampino Airport (CIA).Gear retracted on landing; damaged beyond repair.Gear retracted on landing; damaged beyond repair.Crashed into water after striking 40 feet high mangrove trees during a mosquito spray operation.Crash-landed. Became instructional airframe Oostende technical school.The Antonov 2 was overflying the Labor Day demonstration at Sechenovo. It was supposed to drop leaflets and descended to a very low altitude. A strong gust of wind blew the An-2 into a tree. The pilot lost control and the airplane crashed on a square, destroying a kiosk.A Cessna 208 Caravan 1 crashed while approaching Decatur Airport, IL (DEC). The pilot sustained minor injuries but the plane was substantially damaged.Unsecured cargo began to slide after takeoff. The shift of the aircraft centre of gravity caused the Caravelle to stall. It descended and crashed into houses.A male passenger hijacked a Xian Y-7 aircraft, en route from Ningbo to Xiamen, China. The hijacker armed with a dagger and carrying dynamite in a pack on his back, stabbed a flight attendant.The An-2 operated on a positioning flight for crop-spraying operations to the airstrip of the sovkhoz (state farm) "Tatarski" when the pilot tried to make a pancake landing as he assumed the ground to be drenched. The aircraft lost speed, stalled over its left wing and was destroyed on impact.The captain instructed the copilot to take over control of the aircraft while they were on finals. The copilot did not comply and the An-2 continued the approach. At a height of about 100 m the airplane fell to the ground.EAS Flight 602 took off from Paris at 19:55 for a flight to Valance. The aircraft proceeded to Valence at FL130. At 20:43 the flight passed the Lespi intersection and continued on a 133deg heading to the VNE VOR. At 20:49 the aircraft was cleared to descend to FL70 and FL60 when approaching VNE VOR. At 20:56 the FH-227 passed the VNE VOR and was to head 178deg for Valence. The aircraft however continued on a 155deg heading. The heading was changed to 178deg at 21:04. At 21:07 the aircraft struck a mountain (Col de Tourniol) at 1260 m.The aircraft was routinely flown to Pensacola, FL to pickup a Gulf Power executive for a flight to Atlanta, GA. The passenger had 4 bags, 2 placed in the aft baggage area by the ground crew, the other 2 carried onboard by the passenger. After takeoff the CVR recorded the passenger stating that there was a fire. The fire in the aft cabin area was confirmed by the 1st officer. An emergency was declared to the Pensacola ATCT. Subsequently, the aircraft was seen descending out of the overcast streaming dark smoke behind it. The aircraft impacted an apartment complex and a post crash fire destroyed it. No evidence of a lightning strike, aircraft system malfunction, or incendiary device was found during the investigation. Forensic chemical tests showed traces of hydrochloric and sulphuric acid on passengers articles but none on the cabin interior. Metallurgical examination of a broken fuel line showed overload failure and post heat distress. The interior of the cockpit windows were severely sooted. The flight crew did not don available oxygen masks.Force landed and burned out following double engine fire, possibly as a result of small arms fire.Landed in stormy weather and suffered a gear collapse. The 737 slid off the runway and the no. 2 engine separated.Overshot the runway at Laoag Airport and came to rest partly submerged into the sea. (where it remained for some time).A male passenger attempted to hijack an Aeroflot Tu-134 flight en route from Astrakhan to Baku in the Soviet Union. Upon arrival in Baku, he demanded $850,000 and passage to Pakistan. After releasing 27 passengers, the hijacker was over-powered and captured by Soviet anti-terrorist commandos.The left landing gear broke upon landing. The airplane veered off the runway and came to rest in a drainage ditch.Malev Flight 640 was being prepared for departure from Prague, Czechoslovakia for a flight to Amsterdam, the Netherlands, when two Czechoslovak teenagers entered the airplane. The youths were armed with a sawed-off carbine, a sawed-off shotgun and a box of ammunition. Crashed.Destroyed by terrorists.The 707 was making a high speed approach to runway 09R when the left wing struck a building. The aircraft crashed into a residential area near the intersection of Rua Rua Regente Feijó and Rua Sandovalina in the Jardim Ipanema neighborhood and burst into flames. Three crew members and 22 persons on the ground were killed.The DC-9 arrived at Carswell AFB at 01:12 CST after a flight from Kelly AFB. The aircraft was off-loaded and re-loaded with cargo by USAF personnel. The engines were then started at 02:04. The crew received taxi instructions for runway 17 and took off from this runway at 02:09. At (or immediately after) rotation, the main cargo door opened. An emergency was declared and the crew climbed to 2500 feet msl before entering a right turn. When about 5nm north of the airport the captain began a shallow turn to the right (for base leg). The aircraft crossed the extended centreline and the captain tightened the turn to establish their position relative to the runway threshold. In doing so, the air load on the door probably caused it to rapidly move to its full open over the top position. A sudden opening of the door would also have produced an unexpected change in the yawing and rolling moments. The captain, possibly partially disoriented, may not have sensed the increasing roll and nose tuck and thus failed to correct a changing attitude until a critical bank angle and loss of altitude had occurred. The DC-9 struck the ground in an inverted, nose down, left wing low attitude and disintegrated.While attempting to land at Tiraora Lodge the pilot was dazzled by low sun and elected to overshoot. The aircraft made a low turn to avoid high ground, struck a telephone wire and descended out of control into the sea.The aircraft was on short finals (at 400 feet agl, 35deg flaps) when it suddenly pitched down, entering a steep descent. It partially recovered before impact with a dirt hill, 500 feet short of the Runway 28. Ice accretion on the horizontal stabilizer leading edge was found (0,50-0,75 inch).Lauda Air Flight NG004 was a scheduled service from Hong Kong (HKG) back to Vienna (VIE), Austria. An intermediate stop was made in Bangkok (BKK), Thailand. The flight departed Bangkok at 23:02 hours. Some five minutes after takeoff the pilot-in-command stated "that keeps coming on," referring to a REV ISLN advisory warning. This indication appears when a fault has been detected in the thrust reverser system. The crew discussed the REV ISLN indication for about four and one-half minutes. The co-pilot read information from the Airplane Quick Reference Handbook as follows: "Additional systems failures may cause in- flight deployment" and "Expect normal reverser operation after landing." The pilot-in-command remarked "....its not just on, its coming on and off," he said, "...its just an advisory thing...," and shortly thereafter stated, "could be some moisture in there or something." At 23:12, the co-pilot advised the pilot-in-command that there was need for, "a little bit of rudder trim to the left." Fifteen minutes and one second into the flight the co-pilot exclaimed, "ah reverser's deployed," accompanied by sound similar to airframe shuddering, sounds of metallic snaps and the pilot-in-command stating "here wait a minute." With the deployment of the no. 1 engine thrust reverser, engine thrust was reduced to idle. Aerodynamic effects of the reverser plume in-flight during the engine run down to idle resulted in a 25 percent lift loss across the wing. The airplane stalled and entered an uncontrolled descent. Buffeting, maneuvering overload, and excessive speed caused pieces of the rudder and the left elevator to separate. This was followed by the down-and-aft separation of most of the right horizontal stabilizer from maneuvering overloads, as the crew attempted to control the airplane and arrest the high-speed descent. A torsional overload then caused the separation of the vertical and left horizontal stabilizers. The loss of the tail resulted in a sharp nose-over of the airplane, producing excessive negative loading of the wing. A downward wing failure was probably followed by the breakup of the fuselage. The complete breakup of the tail, wing, and fuselage occurred in a matter of seconds. The wreckage fell in mountainous jungle terrain.A forced landing due to fuel shortage had to be made after three missed approaches.The Tupolev approached with a rate of descent during a rain shower and landed hard 13 m short of the runway. The right gear collapsed and the aircraft started to break up.Crashed during an attempted missed approach procedure in poor weather.Crashed on landing due uncommanded feathering of the no.1 propeller.The Douglas C-47B of ADES Colombia operated on a cargo flight from La Macarena to Villavicencio and Miraflores, Colombia.The Curtiss Commando carried out a wheels-up landing following failure of the no. 2 engine while climbing through 5000 feetMerpati flight 7533 (Ambon-Ternate-Manado) departed Ternate at 01:53 for a 50-minute flight to Manado. On approach to Manado, the aircraft crashed into cloud-shrouded Mount Klabat in bad visibility and heavy rainfall.The aircraft climbed to 400 feet after a runway 08 takeoff. The no. 1 engine backfired and the angle of left bank increased from 30 to 60deg., while descending to 300 feet. The left wing then dropped down 90deg and the nose pitched down to a near vertical descent. The DC-3 leveled out after regaining airspeed, but encountered a secondary stall.Crashed.A hangar collapsed during a tornado at Shreveport, Louisiana. Three aircraft parked inside the hangar were damaged:A hangar collapsed during a tornado at Shreveport, Louisiana. Three aircraft parked inside the hangar were damaged:A hangar collapsed during a tornado at Shreveport, Louisiana. Three aircraft parked inside the hangar were damaged:Shortly after reaching 1500 m, no. 1 engine problems (a.o. high TGT) forced the pilot to shut the engine down and to feather the prop. He tried to return to Bowling Green, but had to make a forced landing in a field.The aircraft completed an instrument approach and landed hard on runway 36 first with the left gear then the right gear. The tires burst and the lower fuselage came into contact with the runway surface. After the nose gear touched down, the right main landing gear collapsed and the pilot lost control of the aircraft. It veered to the left and departed the runway. Initial touch down occurred about 12 feet from the threshold, ten feet left of centerline.Takeoff was aborted when the no. 3 engine had suffered an uncontained failure. The aircraft burned out.An attempt to hijack an Aeroflot TU-154 aircraft, on a domestic flight from Barnaul to Moscow, failed when police arrested the three hijackers. During the flight a note given to a flight attendant indicated that "high-yield explosives" were aboard the aircraft. The hijackers demanded to be flown to the United States, via Germany and Iceland. The aircraft, with 65 passengers and seven crew members, landed in Moscow and was stormed by a police commando unit. One hijacker was injured in the assault. No weapons or explosives were found by the authorities.Took off from Cocos Island and commenced a right hand climbing turn to a height of 5,000 ft above mean sea level (AMSL). The aircraft was then placed into a shallow dive and positioned for a low level pass across the airfield. As the aircraft crossed the runway at 380 knots indicated airspeed and 300 ft AMSL, the pilot began a straight pull-out from the dive with all engines at full power. At this point, eyewitnesses saw a number of items separate from the aircraft. These items were later identified as wing leading edge components. A shallow climb was then achieved with the aircraft vibrating violently. The pilot attempted to complete a circuit preparatory to landing but height could not be maintained and the aircraft was ditched into the shallow water of the lagoon.A Dornier 228-212, registration F-OHAN, crashed in the waters off Nuku Hiva Airport, Marquesas Islands, French Polynesia. Ten of the 22 occupants sustained fatal injuries.Damaged beyond repair in a fire which occurred during maintenance defueling. The aircraft was removed from service and reduced to spares.Flight 2311 was scheduled initially for airplane N228AS to depart at 13:24 EST. Because of mechanical problems an airplane change was made to N270AS. The flight departed Atlanta at 13:47 and arrived in the Brunswick area about 14:44. At 14:48 the flight was cleared for a visual approach to runway 07. The Embraer had just turned from base leg to final approach when the aircraft was seen to pitch up about 5deg and roll to the left until the wings were vertical. The airplane then nosed down into the ground, 9975 feet short of the runway.Crashed on the frozen surface of a lake, 3680 feet asl. The flight was flown VFR in daylight with sudden heavy snow squalls.An Algerian man hijacked an Air Algerie Boeing 737 aircraft on a domestic flight from Bechar to Algiers, with 54 passengers on board. Upon landing in Algiers the hijacker threatened to detonate a grenade unless a communiqué was read on Algerian television. Although the hijacker was not allowed media time, according to government authorities, he wanted to make an appeal for national unity and a postponement of elections. After several hours of negotiation with the Algerian Minister of Interior, the hijacker released the passengers and surrendered.The Viscount suffered a double AI failure during cruise in turbulence at FL160. Control was regained at 4000 feet and a safe emergency landing was carried out at Medellin. Inspection after landing showed substantial airframe damage (a.o. a crack in the lower main spar boom extending across 35% of its chord). It is believed that the damage had been caused by a gear collapse February 14, 1988.The aircraft was struck by a surface-to-air missile, causing damage to the left wing and engine. The aircraft landed safely.Fairflight Shorts 330 G-BHWT had a history of hydraulic problems and was prepared for a flight to Biggin Hill for maintenance. The aircraft was taxiing to the runway when suddenly the nosegear steering failed. The aircraft entered an uncommanded left turn and collided with a stationary Vickers Viscount aircraft (G-APIM).On takeoff from Miho the co-pilot found the elevator control too heavy to rotate and aborted the takeoff. The aircraft could not be stopped on the runway and overran runway 25 (1500 m long) by 60 m, ending up in shallow water. The aircraft had not been de-iced. With light snow showers, ice or slush might have affected elevator control. Also, the captain had been acting as such on YS-11 aircraft less then 6 months; he was not allowed to leave the controls to the co-pilot during takeoff.On takeoff from Miho the co-pilot found the elevator control too heavy to rotate and aborted the takeoff. The aircraft could not be stopped on the runway and overran runway 25 (1500 m long) by 60 m, ending up in shallow water. The aircraft had not been de-iced. With light snow showers, ice or slush might have affected elevator control. Also, the captain had been acting as such on YS-11 aircraft less then 6 months; he was not allowed to leave the controls to the co-pilot during takeoff.Crashed during an ILS approach in a slight noseup, slight right wing down attitude, with a high vertical rate of descent, and a high forward speed. The copilot was not rated in the aircraft and had logged a total of 7.9 of jet time in his logbook.The aircraft ran off the runway and was damaged beyond repair.Iranian dissidents, brandishing a hand grenade, attempted to hijack an Iran Air flight as the aircraft prepared to depart from Tehran.A Mexican male hijacked a DC-9 on a domestic flight in Mexico. He pretended to have a weapon in his jacket and demanded to be flown to Texas. USA. The pilot diverted to Monterrey, claiming that he needed to refuel. The hijacker surrendered at Monterrey.The flight, with the co-pilot at the controls, was cleared to the Outer Marker (CU NDB) for an ILS approach to runway 35. After passing the NDB the pilots switched to ILS and thus couldn't verify their position in the procedure turn. The aircraft was outside the 35deg sector of the ILS centreline and the crew followed the wrong side beam. The crew descended to Outer Marker altitude and the 737 struck Dümentepe Hill, 10,5nm from the airport. The aircraft disintegrated and burned.Crashed into a building following Nazca lines sightseeing flight.Crashed.Crashed.The airplane was struck by a rocket.A Fokker 100 passenger jet, PH-KLC, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Genève-Cointrin Airport (GVA), Switzerland. All 95 passengers and five crew members survived.The no. 1 engine failed on base leg; crashed into lagoon 2 miles short of the runway.A DC-3C, registration C-FBZN, owned by Transfair was destroyed in an accident shortly after take off from the La Grande-LG-4 airstrip, QC. Both crew members were fatally injured. Landed long and bounced following a high approach. No response noted upon brake and thrust reverser selection. A go around was attempted, but the engines did not respond. The Citation settled beyond the runway and crashed on rough terrain.Struck a mountain.United Airlines flight 811 experienced an explosive decompression as it was climbing between 22,000 and 23,000 feet after taking off from Honolulu, Hawaii, en route to Auckland and Sydney. The airplane made a successful emergency landing at Honolulu and the occupants evacuated the airplane. Examination of the airplane revealed that the forward lower lobe cargo door had separated in flight and had caused extensive damage to the fuselage and cabin structure adjacent to the door. Nine of the passengers had been ejected from the airplane and lost at sea.The Boeing, named "Thomas Haywood", was less than half loaded with textiles, computer software and mail when it departed Singapore. Approaching Kuala Lumpur, the crew were cleared to route direct to the Kayell (KL) beacon for a runway 33 approach. While on the NDB approach, the crew were cleared to "...descend two four zero zero..." which was interpreted by the crew as "...to 400...". The aircraft descended below minimum altitude and crashed into a hillside at 600 feet/180 m msl just before reaching the Kayell NDB, where minimum descent height was 2400 feet. The Boeing hit treetops and started to break up until bursting into flames.The C-141B departed Norton AFB for a flight to Hurlburt Field with an intermediate stop at Peterson Field. The crew had to return back to Norton due to a leaking comfort pallet. At the end of the second leg, the crew were confronted with thunderstorms covering the approach path for the ILS approach to runway 36 at Hurlburt Field, the primary instrument runway. The crew requested the TACAN approach to runway 18, which was an approach over swampy terrain. The aircraft entered a high rate of descent, causing the GPWS to sound. The copilot reset two GPWS warnings and the descent was continued below the Minimum Descent Altitude (MDA) of 345 ft agl. The airplane finally impacted terrain in a wings level, nose low attitude.The C-141B departed Norton AFB for a flight to Hurlburt Field with an intermediate stop at Peterson Field. The crew had to return back to Norton due to a leaking comfort pallet. At the end of the second leg, the crew were confronted with thunderstorms covering the approach path for the ILS approach to runway 36 at Hurlburt Field, the primary instrument runway. The crew requested the TACAN approach to runway 18, which was an approach over swampy terrain. The aircraft entered a high rate of descent, causing the GPWS to sound. The copilot reset two GPWS warnings and the descent was continued below the Minimum Descent Altitude (MDA) of 345 ft agl. The airplane finally impacted terrain in a wings level, nose low attitude.Overran into Guanabara Bay on landing.The Boeing E-6A Hermes, an airborne command post and communications relay based on the Boeing 707-320, sustained substantial damage to the tail when portions of the vertical fin and right horizontal stabilizer tore loose while the aircraft was in a steep 460 knot dive during a test flight. A safe landing was made.Damaged beyond repair.During climb out, the Otter lost power and settled into the trees and caught fire.A Somali Antonov 26 aircraft, on a domestic flight from Mogadishu to Hargeisa, landed in Djibouti where two crew members, the pilot and flight engineer, requested political asylum. Both of these individuals were military officers. Approximately 14 other Somali military personnel were among the 47 passengers and five crew on the flight.The DC-3 collided with power lines during a swath run, climbed gradually, entering a steep nose high attitude. The aircraft stalled and crashed from a height of 1200 feet agl.Crashed.The C-160 was on a low-level training flight when the crew lost ground contact in poor visibility conditions. The airplane contacted the ground and crashed on the top of a hill in a dense forest.Ambient air temperatures were high - 95°F (35°C) - as the Boeing 737 was parked at Manila Airport. The air conditioning packs, located beneath the center wing fuel tank, had been running on the ground before pushback for approximately 30 to 45 minutes. The center wing fuel tank, which had not been filled since March 9, 1990, probably still contained some fuel vapors. Shortly after pushback a powerful explosion in the center fuel tank pushed the cabin floor violently upwards. The wing tanks ruptured, causing the Boeing to burst into flames. The vapors ignited probably due to damaged wiring, because no bomb, incendiary device or detonator has been found.The aircraft crashed after striking trees while on approach to runway 35. The aircraft crashed after striking trees while on approach to runway 35. The Boeing 747, named "Emperor Vikramaditya", touched down at Delhi-Indira Gandhi International Airport after a flight from London-Heathrow. On application of reverse thrust, a failure of the no. 1 engine pylon to wing attachment caused this engine to tilt nose down. Hot exhaustion gasses caused a fire on the left wing. The aircraft was damaged beyond repair. The aircraft crashed while on a flight from Magadan.The Aerial Transit DC-6 departed San Salvador (SAL) on a cargo flight to Miami (MIA), carrying clothes and vegetables. An intermediate stop was made in Guatemala City (GUA). Shortly after takeoff the airplane developed engine problems. The crew radioed that they were doing a left hand turn and that they were returning to the airport. The DC-6 crashed into a residential neighborhood.An attempt to land at New Hanover's runway 16 was aborted and the crew tried to carry out a runway 34 approach on the second attempt to land. The Nomad struck approach lights, crashed and turned over on the runway.An attempt to land at New Hanover's runway 16 was aborted and the crew tried to carry out a runway 34 approach on the second attempt to land. The Nomad struck approach lights, crashed and turned over on the runway.A Beechcraft 1900C, operating for Aerolift Philippines as flight 75 to Surigao, took off from runway 13 at Manila's international airport. During takeoff the no. 2 engine failed. The airplane began turning to the right as the crew radioed that they were returning to the airport. With the undercarriage down and the flaps still in takeoff position the airplane impacted a house in the suburban Paranaque neighbourhood. All 21 aboard the plane and a family of four inside the house were killed.A Grumman G-159 Gulfstream I, registration HK-3316, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Montería-Los Garzones Airport (MTR), Colombia. A hijacking of a TU-134 aircraft, with 80 passengers aboard, failed when crew members overpowered the hijacker. A male passenger aboard the Arkhangelsk-Leningrad - Kaliningrad domestic flight passed a note to the crew demanding to be taken to Sweden. He was overpowered by crew members when they realized that he was unarmed. When the aircraft landed in Kaliningrad, the hijacker was arrested.On the morning of 30 April 1990, the crew of Shackleton AEW2 WR965 took off from RAF Lossiemouth to participate in a maritime exercise in the Benbecula area to the west of mainland Scotland. The exercise was to be in two parts with a time interval between. To make most economical use of the Shackleton's flying time it was intended to utilise the time interval to undertake some continuation training for which the crew had appropriate authorisation. Although the weather was forecast to be generally clear in the aircraft's operating area there were areas of low cloud and poor visibility over Scottish coastal areas.On March 25, en route to Singapore, the airplane was hijacked by four men. The hijackers claimed to be members of the Pakistan People's Party. They wanted the release of former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's husband and other PPP members detained in Pakistani jails. They also wanted the plane refuelled so that they could fly to Australia. The Airbus landed at Singapore. On 27 March the hijackers issued a five-minute deadline at 06:45 after which they threatened to kill one passenger every ten minutes. On the countdown to three minutes, the order was given to storm the plane. Elite Commandos stormed the plane, killing four Pakistani hijackers.Impacted terrain during a flight to Macas, Ecuador.The HAL-748 departed Yelahanka near Bangalore on a training flight. The airplane barely gained height on takeoff. It reached about 165 feet and struck a stone wall. It fell in an area of tall grass and caught fire.Failed to get fully airborne after takeoff; belly landed.Destroyed in shelling by rebels. Some people on the ground who were loading the aircraft, were killed.Burnt out while parked. The aircraft was consequently withdrawn from use and stored at Dinard.Burnt out while parked. The aircraft was consequently withdrawn from use and stored at Dinard.The aircraft touched down 710 m down the runway and overran by 317 m, colliding with a heap of ferro-concrete slabs 1,95 m high. The aircraft broke up and caught fire.Mid-air collision with US Navy Lockheed P-3C Orion 158930. Both aircraft crashed, killing 27 occupants in total. It has not been confirmed that Orion 159325 carried 13 Navy personnel and that there were 14 on Orion 158930. It may have been the other way around.Mid-air collision with US Navy Lockheed P-3C Orion 159325. Both aircraft crashed, killing 27 occupants in total. It has not been confirmed that Orion 159325 carried 13 Navy personnel and that there were 14 on Orion 158930. It may have been the other way around.The Saudi Hercules flew 95 Senegalese soldiers back from pilgrimage to Mecca to their base at Rash Mishab (also referred to as Ras-al-Mishab). The soldiers were based in Saudi Arabia as part of the allied forces in the First Gulf War. Visibility was poor resulting from the clouds of smoke from the oil wells set ablaze inReportedly damaged beyond repair.Crashed following an engine failure.Overran on landing in a rainstorm. One engine separated from the wing.Flight IDN 1851, a Boeing 707, departed Bergamo, Italy (BGY) at 10:04 UTC for a flight to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic (PUJ) via Santa Maria, Azores (SMA). Vanguard F-GEJE was chartered by Royal Air Maroc and Air France to carry out a cargo flight from Paris (ORY) to Casablanca. The airplane was to return as flight 3132 to Marseille (MRS) and Paris (ORY). On the return flight at Marseille some cargo was offloaded and new cargo loaded. At 18:08 the airplane taxied to runway 32R and was cleared for takeoff four minutes later. The takeoff was aborted when the crew experienced problems with the flight controls. The crew requested current wind information and after completing some checks requested clearance for departure. During the second attempt to takeoff from runway 32R, the crew experienced control difficulties. The airplane banked to the right until it crashed into the water to the right of the runway.The aircraft entered a bank of fog after takeoff from runway 03. The F-27 veered left and collided with a tree 500 feet left of the end of the runway. The aircraft impacted the ground in a 3deg. angle and caught fire.Shot down by a Pakistani General Dynamics F-16B. The An-24 operated on a suspected bombing run.ACES Flight 385 from San Andrés Island Airport (ADZ) to Medellín was hijacked. The Boeing 727 took off at 10:41 and was hijacked fifteen minutes afterwards. The hijacker claimed to have bottles of gasoline and demanded to be flown to Honduras.The water-injection system failed during takeoff from Dyess AFB (DYS) runway 16. The airplane barely climbed and the wing clipped a house before the plane crashed. The passengers of the Stratotanker included spouses of military members, retired military members and one child. They were on a non-stop flight to Hawaii with an en route F-16 refueling mission.Belly landing after a flight from Paris.Crash-landed 300-600 feet short of the runway at night in -46deg C temperatures. The airplane was participating in the "Brim Frost" exercise.Struck rocks during a steep approach for a water drop.The Avia 14 was being refueled when a fire erupted. The aircraft was consumed by fire.Crashed on landing.As the An-24 airliner started to taxi onto the runway at Ivano-Frankovsk, Ukraine, a passenger attempted to hijack the aircraft. Armed with a lit homemade torch, the passenger demanded that the plane fly abroad. Two passengers and the pilot were reportedly burned by the fire. The crew was able to overpower the hijacker.The no. 1 engine low oil pressure warning light came on while climbing through 7000 feet. When the engine was stopped, a fuse blew and only the right side instruments lights functioned. The crew returned to the airport and preformed an ILS approach. The prop hadn't feathered so rudder and elevator were fully deflected. The aircraft touched down 30 m left of the runway. The reason the prop couldn't be feathered because the no. 1 prop feathering handle was misrigged.The aircraft was taking off from runway 27L when the no. 2 engine separated. It fell to the ground 800 feet past the end of the runway. The crew managed to climb to 1000 feet before they initiated a return to the airport for a safe emergency landing on runway 04R.The no. 2 engine failed at FL200 and the aircraft returned. The remaining no. 1 engine also failed and the aircraft landed on a dirt road, hit a fence and a log pile causing the nosegear to collapse.A passenger threatened to blow up a the Tu-134 airliner on a flight from Arkhangelsk to Odessa, as it was preparing to land. He demanded to be flown to Israel or Romania. The crew agreed to the demands but convinced the hijacker to allow the aircraft to refuel in Odessa where the hijacker surrendered to authorities.The Douglas C-47 cargo plane went missing during a flight from La Paz (LPB) to Apolo (APB), Bolivia.After departing the floatplane base on a company VFR flight plan, the Otter proceeded northwest along a salt water strait at a low altitude above water. Two miles Northwest of the airport the aircraft entered a snow squall and the pilot attempted a steep turn to reverse course. During the turn the aircraft impacted and sank in 167 feet deep water.The aircraft failed to lift off and the takeoff was rejected. The plane overran runway 04 and crashed into a ditch. Shifted cargo caused the Centre of Gravity to be 12% forward. Adding to that the Tupolev was overloaded by 6.604 kilos.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air was destroyed when it crashed in the backyard of a house of the Lagunita Country Club in Caracas, Venezuela.The aircraft climbed to 1300 feet, turned right and descended into the ground after takeoff from runway 24R. The aircraft became airborne again and continued 0,75 mile where it collided with trees. During several training flights and two check flights, the co-pilot demonstrated difficulty with instrument flight due to disorientation, narrow focus of attention, or lack of instrument scan especially during high workload.The pilot had to divert from Greensboro (GSO) to the Rockingham County/Shiloh Airport because of below-minima weather at the destination. He tried to carry out a visual approach to runway 31 in conditions of patchy fog. The aircraft struck trees and crashed during a go-around.British Midland Airways Flight 092 took off from London-Heathrow Airport at 19:52 for a flight to Belfast. Some 13 minutes later, while climbing through FL283, moderate to severe vibration was felt, accompanied by a smell of fire in the cockpit. The outer panel of one of the no. 1 engine fan blades detached, causing compressor stalls and airframe shuddering. Believing the No. 2 engine had been damaged the crew throttled it back. The shuddering stopped and the No 2 engine was shut down. The crew then decided to divert to East Midlands. The flight was cleared for a runway 27 approach. At 900 feet, 2.4nm from the runway, no. 1 engine power suddenly decreased. As the speed fell below 125 knots, the stick shaker activated and the aircraft struck trees at a speed of 115 knots. The aircraft continued and impacted the western carriageway of the M1 motorway 10 m lower and came to rest against the wooded embankment, 900 m short of the runway.A possible cargo shift caused the aircraft to enter a stall on climbout following a runway 35L takeoff. The aircraft crashed and caught fire.A possible cargo shift caused the aircraft to enter a stall on climbout following a runway 35L takeoff. The aircraft crashed and caught fire.Wheels-up landing on runway 29.Nosegear collapse on landing. A fire erupted and the aircraft, a C-54 firefighting conversion, was damaged beyond repair.Frontier Air Flight 1602 took off from Timmins at 20:43 on a scheduled domestic flight to Moosonee. The flight proceeded to Moosonee at 7,000 feet and was cleared for an approach at 21:21. The crew elected to fly the VOR runway 24 approach. At 21:29, the crew reported on the 061-degree radial of the VOR at five nm outbound. Shortly after intercepting the 061-degree radial inbound, the crew initiated a descent to the 440-foot MDA. While in the descent, the aircraft broke through the lowest cloud layer at 900 feet asl, approximately 9.2 nm from the VOR At this point, both pilots had the runway lights in sight, and the captain decided to change to a visual approach and proceed inbound at 700 feet asl. Shortly after advising the co-pilot of his intentions, the captain initiated the before-landing cockpit check and lowered the landing gear. Immediately thereafter, the aircraft struck trees and crashed.Force landed following an engine failure, narrowly missing a row of houses. The DC-3 struck an electricity post and crashed in a rice field. It is reported that the crew tried to takeoff for the second time; the first attempt ended with a forced landing on a taxiway. MATS was not authorized to carry passengers. About one year previous (May 6, 1989) another MATS DC-3 (RP-C82) crashed near Manila, also carrying passengers without being authorized to do so. There were no fatal injuries in that accident though.Damaged beyond repair.The aircraft was being used for a pleasure flight from Sydney to Lord Howe Island, NSW, Australia for the owner and some friends. The Antonov departed Sverdlovsk (now Ekaterinburg) but had to return to the airport, because the nos. 3 and 4 engines were jammed at takeoff power due to broken control runs. The aircraft bounced, veered off the runway, caught fire and burnt out.The Antonov departed Sverdlovsk (now Ekaterinburg) but had to return to the airport, because the nos. 3 and 4 engines were jammed at takeoff power due to broken control runs. The aircraft bounced, veered off the runway, caught fire and burnt out.The Antonov departed Sverdlovsk (now Ekaterinburg) but had to return to the airport, because the nos. 3 and 4 engines were jammed at takeoff power due to broken control runs. The aircraft bounced, veered off the runway, caught fire and burnt out.Reportedly written off.The No. 2 engine failed and the aircraft entered a descending turn which continued until impact with the sea.A male passenger hijacked an Aeroflot Tupolev 134 on a domestic flight from Moscow to Leningrad and demanded that it be flown to Kaunas, Lithuania. The hijacker told the crew that he had biological weapons wrapped in cellophane and that he would use them if his demands were not met. He apparently wanted to meet the President of Lithuania. The hijacker allowed the plane to land at Vilnius, Lithuania, after being told it was technically impossible to land at Kaunas. Upon landing, the hijacker surrendered. He had no weapons or explosives at the time of his arrest.Crashed.The An-2 operated on a flight from the ice of the lagoon at Uelen to Provideniya in support of the international expedition "Great Circle". The aircraft pitched up during takeoff, lost speed and stalled at a height of some 30 metres. It came down on the snow-covered frozen surface of the Uelen Lagoon 475 metres after lift-off. It appeared that the MTOW had been exceeded by 238 kg andA Martin 4-0-4 suffered a runway excursion accident at Camiare Airstrip in Bolivia, causing the starboard undercarriage to fail.After departing Gadsden, the Embraer collided head-on with Civil Air Patrol Cessna 172 N99501 at an altitude of 5000 feet, causing the right stabilizer to separate. The Cessna crashed, but the Brasilia made a safe emergency landing.A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 passenger plane, registered LN-BNS, was destroyed in a loss of control accident off Værøy, Norway. All three passengers and two crew members were killed. The Learjet departed Santos Dumont Airport (SDU) at 14:40 for a flight to Juiz de Fora (JDF). The airplane carried a cargo of bank notes, accompanied by two passengers. On departure the Learjet was overloaded by 1568 lb (711 kg). On landing at Juiz de Fora it was even 2086 lb (946 kg) too heavy. This complicated the landing even further because the runway at Juiz de Fora was wet with standing water.The pilot took off on a three-engined (the no. 3 engine feathered) ferry flight without authorization. The no. 2 engine caught fire on climbout, followed by the a no. 1 engine failure. The Constellation was then ditched just offshore.Crashed on takeoff. VH-DNM is still on the Australian register, but listed as "Certificate of Airworthiness suspended"A Fokker F-28 Fellowship 4000 passenger plane sustained damage when the right main wheel went into a ditch.The aircraft undershot the runway and impacted the water 175 feet short of the runway. The crew were reportedly blinded by the sun.The Twin Otter named "Karakatau" lost height and struck the crest of a hill following a no. 1 engine overspeed.A gunman armed with an Uzi seized American Airlines Flight 658 at Port-au-Prince International Airport in Haiti. At the time, the aircraft was being prepared for a flight to New York's JFK International Airport, and no passengers were aboard. The gunman, who was a member of the Haitian airport security contingent, demanded to be flown to the United States. The incident continued until 01:10 on April 5, when the hijacker, after indicating a desire to negotiate, left the aircraft and disappeared into the darkness.A psychiatric patient threw a petrol bomb, which caused an on-board fire. An emergency landing was made at Sverdlovsk.Crashed during a nighttime approach.Because a late night departure was planned, the HS-125 corporate jet had been positioned at Brown Field (SDM) on the outskirts of San Diego due to a noise curfew in effect at San Diego-Lindbergh field. While waiting for his passengers to arrive, the pilot, who was unfamiliar with local procedures and terrain, had three separate conversations with the local Flight Service Station (FSS). During these conversations, the FSS specialist suggested it would save time if the flight departed under visual flight rules and picked up its IFR clearance once airborne. The pilot indicated reluctance to climb through 3000 ft MSL without an IFR clearance, as that would involve flight into the San Diego Terminal Control Area (TCA) whose 'floor' was 3000 ft MSL. The pilot then stated: " so I would be better off if I headed right northeast and stayed down ... below three thousand." The FSS specialist replied "That’ll be fine." This was a fatal mis-communication: the pilot had been referencing 3000 ft MSL, while the FSS specialist understood the pilot’s altitude reference as 3000 ft above ground level.Shot down by a SAM missile, while in cruise at FL170.The Learjet 35A took off from São Paulo (CGH) for Uberlândia (UDI), to pick up a patient there. The co-pilot was pilot flying. It was his first flight on a Learjet without an instructor. This was against regulations since the co-pilot was not fully qualified yet and the captain was not qualified to act as an instructor.The pilot felt that the force needed to pull the yoke aft was too great and aborted the takeoff. The aircraft overran, striking a sand berm and an ILS shack. Both main gears and all four engines broke off. The flight engineer had calculated the "V"-speeds and trim settings for a 242,000 lb (109770 kg) takeoff weight, while the actual takeoff weight was 342,000 lb (155130 kg).Lost control following engine failure between V1 and VR. The left wing struck runway 24, followed by the right wing. The Learjet landed back heavily, tearing off the gear. Flight for US Navy.The crew of the Argosy cargo plane aborted the approach to their destination of Wellington Airport because the left hand undercarriage failed to lock down.Fairchild FH-227 5N-ATL had arrived in Nigeria on March 26, 1990. Concord Airlines had used the airplane for 18 flights when it arrived back at Lagos (LOS) on March 30. The airplane was parked outside the airline's hangar. Maintenance was performed on the aircraft the next day, but nothing was entered in the log book. On April 1, the aircraft was prepared for a flight to Port Harcourt (PHC).The pilots were making an NDB approach to an uncontrolled airport that was 941 feet msl. The NDB was 1.8 nm from the airport, and the pilots were supposed to maintain minimum descent altitude (MDA) of 1,540 feet until the runway was in sight. Prior to the crash, ATC had told them that they were 15 miles from the airport. Approximately four miles from the airport, the airplane impacted the top of a hill, at a point 990 feet msl. The airplane was demolished by impact and post-impact fire. the weather was estimated to be 300 feet overcast and one mile visibility. Bo mechanical malfunctions were reported or discovered. The lack of a local altimeter setting increased the MDA by 240 feet.The Ilyushin was at 5400 m on approach when the air traffic controller ordered the flight to discontinue the approach. Flaps and gear were retracted, but the aircraft continued the approach. The Il-76 stalled on finals and crashed. The aircraft was operated by the Uzbek CAA, being leased from the Soviet Air Force.A CASA C-212 Aviocar was destroyed when it crashed near Kuito, Angola after being shot down by UNITA forces.The Antonov overran the runway following an aborted takeoff.An attempt to hijack an Aeroflot Yakovlev 42 aircraft, on a domestic flight from Moscow to Naberezhnye Chelny Airport, failed when the hijacker was overpowered by other passengers. The hijacker, a Soviet male carrying a knife and a gas container, was attempting to force his way into the cockpit when he was overpowered. The flight returned to Moscow and the hijacker was arrested.An attempt to hijack an Aeroflot Yakovlev 42 aircraft, on a domestic flight from Moscow to Naberezhnye Chelny Airport, failed when the hijacker was overpowered by other passengers. The hijacker, a Soviet male carrying a knife and a gas container, was attempting to force his way into the cockpit when he was overpowered. The flight returned to Moscow and the hijacker was arrested.The aircraft overran the runway and ended up in the sea.The aircraft overran the runway and ended up in the sea.The An-28 sustained severe damage in a hard landing accident short of the airstrip at Vershino-Darasunskiy, Chita Region, Russia.Engine failure. Damaged beyond repair.Engine failure. Damaged beyond repair.The aircraft was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident.Damaged after being struck by a vehicle. The airplane had previously (September 1988) overshot the runway and was reportedly stored at Aropa at the time.The Boeing 707 cargo plane touched down 38 m short of the runway threshold at Goma Airport, D.R. Congo. The right hand main undercarriage collapsed and the aircraft ran off the runway to the right, coming to rest after 300 m.Struck funicular cables shortly after takeoff from Caracas-La Carlota Airport. The pilot lost control and the Arava crashed into trees.The Cessna Caravan was on an IFR flight to haul freight from Aspen (ASE) to Denver-Stapleton (DEN). Moderate to heavy icing conditions were forecast for the Denver area. While on an ILS runway 36 approach, the aircraft encountered icing conditions. Subsequently, it entered a steep descent and crashed short of the runway. The weather at Denver was reported as: clouds 800 feet scattered, 1000 feet broken, visibility 4 miles with freezing drizzle and snow showers, temperature 28 degrees F, dew point 25 degrees F.Belly landed and caught fire.The aircraft was used to practice stalls in landing configuration when both engines quit. Both engines had overheated and due to the vibration, the no. 2 engine separated.The undercarriage was erroneously retracted while the aircraft was on the ground during a training session. Apparently the undercarriage ground lock pins were not installed when the crew selected the undercarriage up.Crashed.The DC-9 was on an ILS approach to runway 01 at Menorca-Mahón Airport (MAH), Spain, when sight of the runway was lost. A go-around was initiated but the aircraft touched down hard (+3.56g) before climbing away. The flight returned to Palma de Mallorca were a safe landing was carried out.Crashed. The identity is uncertain, possibly one of the following: AF315, 317 or 320.Flight IC605 took off from Mumbai (Bombay) at 11:58 for a flight to Bangalore (BLR). At 12:25 Bangalore approach was contacted and prevailing weather at Bangalore was passed on to the crew (wind variable 5 knots, visibility 10 km, clouds 2 octa 2000 feet, temp 27deg, QNH 1018). At 12:44 the aircraft was cleared to descend to FL110. Reaching FL110, vectors were given for a visual runway 09 approach. On final approach, the aircraft descended well below the normal approach profile and kept descending until it struck the boundaries of the Karnataka Golf Club (2300 feet short of the runway and 200 feet right of the extended centerline. The aircraft rolled for 80 feet and lifted off again for about 230 feet and came down again on the 17th green of the golf course. The landing gear wheels dug into the ground and the aircraft impacted a 12 feet high embankment, causing the gears and engines to be sheared off. The aircraft continued over the embankment and came to rest in a grassy, marshy and rocky area.The F-27 Friendship departed Sao Paulo-Congonhas (CGH) on a domestic flight to Bauru. Pilot flying was a captain in training, accompanied by an instructor and a commissioner. Due to congestion in the frequency of Brasilia ACC, the descent from FL140 was initiated while the airplane was 27 nm (50 km) from Bauru, instead of the usual 40nm (74 km) out. After a fast descent to 4000 feet the IFR flight plan was cancelled and the crew proceeded for a visual straight-in approach to runway 32. The pilot flying felt uncomfortable because the airplane was flying too fast and was too close to the airfield. The instructor wanted to continue the approach and instructed the landing gear to be lowered and the flaps to be selected down from 16 to 40 degrees. The airplane decelerated to 135 kts, which was still too fast. After asking the instructor, the pilot was told that he was supposed to carry out the approach and landing. Because the instructor also held his control column and due to the improper approach configuration, the pilot again asked who would perform the landing. The instructor now took over control. The F-27 descended at a rate of 2500 fpm and the speed was still 130 kts. The airplane touched down 775 m past the runway 32 threshold. The aircraft floated and alternatingly, touched the runway with the right and left main landing gear. The instructor realized that the plane could not be stopped on the remaining runway, and brusquely added power to initiate a go around. Contrary to the Airplane Flight Manual, power was not added gradually thus causing an extreme rise in the turbine gas temperature (TGT). The engine´s combustion chambers had now received excessive from fuel. The low rotations of the propellers did not provide enough air for a combustive mixture and the high angle of attack on the initial climb provoked the intake of enough air into the engines. Both engines failed to develop enough power and the Fokker began to sank until it collided with some obstacles on the ground, 600 m outside the airport. Two occupants of a car that was hit, didn't survive.A Metro II operated by Perimeter Airlines returned to land at Winnipeg International Airport, Canada when the crew received various warnings. As the aircraft climbed through 13,000ft., the crew reportedly received indications of a possible loss of hydraulics followed by an undercarriage-unsafe warning. Shortly after this the wing area overheat light came on. Upon returning the crew heard two explosions, later determined to have been the tyres on the left undercarriage exploding. A Grumman G-159 Gulfstream I passenger plane, operated by Helicol Colombia, was destroyed when it impacted a mountain near Ibague-Perales Airport (IBE), Colombia.The Sabreliner 40 sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Detroit City Airport, MI (DET). The accident happened after landing on runway 15.The flight crew performed a training flight in pattern with go arounds at Panevezys-Pajuostis AB. After a go-around during the 14th minute of the flight the Il-76 entered clouds at 230 feet AGL. Control was lost and the airplane crashed into a forest about 3,7 km from the runway with vertical speed of 7800ft/min and horizontal speed of 275 knots. Investigators found out that in the moment of the crash engines were at full power and the only thing that prevented to regain control was a very low altitude. Aircraft was fully destroyed by fire.The HS-125 corporate jet was en route at 31,000 feet, when the low pressure fuel filter warning light illuminated. The pilot diverted toward Columbia Regional Airport, MO (COU), but before reaching Columbia, both engines lost power. Subsequently, the aircraft crashed about 2 miles east of the airport. An investigation revealed the fuel was contaminated with water. The fuel filter de-icing system was operational, but a post-accident examination revealed the de-icing tank was empty. This was the second flight since the deice tank had been serviced. The manufacturer's information indicated the supply tank should have provided about 3 to 4 hrs of filter de-icing operation.The Caravan was overloaded by 360 lb (163 kg) structurally and 1100 lb (500 kg) for flight in icing conditions. With moderate snow falling, the takeoff run on runway 15 was described as long. The wings were rocking and the plane struck trees and crashed. A FedEx Caravan crashed under the same circumstances just about 40 km (25 miles) away at 20:33.The Cessna made a takeoff from runway 19 at Plattsburgh-Clinton County Airport (PLB) with light wet snow falling, at night. The airplane reached an altitude of 700 feet agl prior to making a steep descent, striking trees and impacting inverted. The accident airplane had come from a hangar and was not de-iced prior to departure.Crashed in poor weather.Crashed in poor weather.The Antonov crashed after failing to find the destination airport at night.Written off.The pilot made a coupled ILS Cat. I approach to Nadi (NAN). The autopilot was disconnected at 260 feet agl and the aircraft was on the centreline at the threshold. A sharp gust from the left was encountered and the right maingear wheels touched down outside the runway edge lights. The aircraft ran off the left side of the runway and came to rest with the nosegear collapsed.Shot down; all on board killed.Three armed men hijacked TABA Flight 835, a twin turboprop aircraft, during a domestic flight, The hijackers released the two crew members and four passengers in São Gabriel da Cachoeira before taking off toward the Colombian border. The final disposition of the aircraft is unknown.A CASA C-212 Aviocar operated by the Spanish Air Force crashed near Pinofranque, Spain, killing all five on board.Aeropostal flight 109 originated in Caracas (CCS), Venezuela on a domestic round trip via Porlamar (PMV), Maracay (MYC), Maracaibo (MAR), Santa Bárbara del Zulia (STB), and Maracaibo.A male passenger aboard an Aeroflot Antonov 24 aircraft, demanded to be flown to Sweden during a domestic flight from Arkhangelsk to Leningrad via Kotlas. The hijacker reportedly carried an antitank grenade and threatened to destroy the aircraft if his demand was not met. Upon landing in Leningrad, he agreed to release the 26 passengers aboard the flight but refused to surrender. At some point, the grenade exploded causing a small fire which was quickly extinguished. The hijacker was severely injured in the explosion and later died.Crashed into a residential area at Dewes Street during a visual approach to Glenview NAS.United Airlines flight 585 left Peoria for Colorado Springs, with intermediate stops at Moline, IL and Denver, CO. The aircraft took off from Denver at 09:23 for the last segment of the flight, estimating Colorado Springs at 09:42. The aircraft was cleared for a visual approach to runway 35. The aircraft then suddenly rolled to the right and started to pitch nose down. The crew tried to initiate a go-around by selecting 15-deg. flaps and an increase in thrust. The altitude decreased rapidly, acceleration increased to over 4G until the aircraft struck the ground of Widefield Park almost vertically.On August 2, 1990 Iraqi forces occupied Kuwait. They seized ten commercial aircraft belonging to Kuwait Airways: two Boeing 767s, three Airbus A.300, and five Airbus A.310 planes. On 17 September 1990, two Boeing 767s (9K-AIB, 9K-AIC) were at Basra (BSR). Both planes were flown from Basra to Mosul (OSM) on 17 November 1990. Airbus A.300's 9K-AHF and 9K-AHG were also flown to Mosul.On August 2, 1990 Iraqi forces occupied Kuwait. They seized ten commercial aircraft belonging to Kuwait Airways: two Boeing 767s, three Airbus A.300, and five Airbus A.310 planes. On 17 September 1990, two Boeing 767s (9K-AIB, 9K-AIC) were at Basra (BSR). Both planes were flown from Basra to Mosul (OSM) on 17 November 1990. Airbus A.300's 9K-AHF and 9K-AHG were also flown to Mosul.Destroyed in bombing raid.Destroyed in bombing raid.Destroyed in bombing raid.Destroyed in bombing raid.Destroyed by U.S./allied bombs during the Gulf War.Impacted the waters off Shikoku Island during a low level ECM exercise.During Iraq's invasion of Kuwait City in 1990, KAF322 was captured and flown to Iraq. It received damage by a RAF Buccaneer during a coalition attack on Shayka Mayhar AB. It was cut-up and transported back to Kuwait at the end of the war and ended up being scrapped. Soviet Transports reports that this An-12 was destroyed by bombing at a place named "Suweria". Its unclear if this spelling is correct since no place by that name could be found in Iraq.The Embraer EMB-110C Bandeirante was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing near Montevideo, Uruguay.The IAI 1123 Westwind sustained a runway excursion after the main wheel tyres failed on landing. The undercarriages broke away.The Antonov was shot down by a surface-to-air missile and crashed.LAN Chile flight 1069 departed Punta Arenas Airport, Chile at 14:51 hours on a flight to Puerto Williams Airport. At 15:15 the flight was cleared for a VOR A approach to runway 26. Wind was given as 180 degrees at 4 knots. Shortly afterwards the controller radioed updated wind information of 160 degrees at 6 knots. The captain then decided to perform a direct approach and landing on runway 08. This was approved by air traffic control.An attempt was made to hijack an Iran Air Boeing 727 on a domestic flight from Shiraz to Bandar Abbas. Four passengers, displaying pistols and hand grenades, demanded that the flight be diverted to either Iraq or Israel; however, Iranian security forces aboard the flight killed the hijackers. No other passengers were injured, and the aircraft returned to Shiraz.The aircraft was on a flight to Selaparang when it had to divert due to bad weather en route. It struck Mount Rinjani.Avianca Flight AV052 (Bogotá - Medellin - New York-JFK) took off from Medellin at 15:08 with approx. 81000 lb of fuel on board. When arriving near New York, the aircraft had to enter 3 holding patterns. The first for 19 minutes over Norfolk, the second for 29 minutes over New Jersey, and the third pattern over the CAMRN intersection for 29 minutes. Over CAMRN the aircraft descended from FL140 to FL110. At 20:44:43, while holding at CAMRN for 26 minutes, the New York (NY) ARTCC radar controller advised AVA052 to expect further clearance at 21:05. At that moment the Avianca crew advised ATC that they could only hold for 5 more minutes and that their alternate Boston couldn't be reached anymore due to the low state of fuel. The flight left the holding pattern at 20:47 and the crew contacted the New York TRACON (Terminal Radar Approach Control) who guided AV052 for a runway 22L ILS approach. On finals, at 21:15 the crew contacted JFK Tower and they were cleared to land four minutes later. Shot down. Also reported to have been set on fire by rebels after landing.Crashed into a mountain near the village of La Sabaneta in poor weather conditions. The Navy plane carried thirteen Venezuelan Navy men, eight civilians and three crew members.Crashed on finals; this aircraft had been stolen from Opa-Locka Airport, FL (OPF) in December 1989.Eastern Airlines flight EA-111, a Boeing 727-225 collided with an Epps Air Service Beechcraft A100 King Air on the runway at Atlanta-William B. Hartsfield International Airport, GA (ATL). A Gulfstream II jet owned by Eastman Kodak crashed during approach to Little Rock National Airport, AR (LIT), killing all seven on board.Eastern Airlines flight EA-111, a Boeing 727-225 collided with an Epps Air Service Beechcraft A100 King Air on the runway at Atlanta-William B. Hartsfield International Airport, GA (ATL). Flight 824 departed Denver at 06:42 for an IFR flight at FL180 to Montrose. The aircraft climbed to FL145 and maintained that altitude until crashing 50 feet (15 m) below the summit of the 14,221-ft (4350 m) Mount Massive. Toxicological tests revealed marijuana metabolite level of 37 ng/ml in urine and 1 ng/ml in blood. The pilot was once convicted in 1974 for possession of controlled substance, but had no other alcohol/drug convictions.America West Airlines Flight 727 was hijacked during a flight from Houston, Texas to Las Vegas, Nevada. The hijacker demanded to be flown to Cuba. During the incident, he held a flight attendant hostage and claimed to have an improvised explosive device. The flight was diverted to Austin, Texas, where he was overpowered and taken into custody by local authorities. The "bomb" was a toothpaste container attached to a flashlight. The Learjet 23, N331DP, was cleared for takeoff on a flight from Detroit-Willow Run Airport, MI (YIP) to Louisville-Standiford Field, KY (SDF). At 05:32, about 17 minutes into the flight, the flight crew began to display indications of a deterioration of their ability to control the aircraft. At first, they deviated from instructions to hold west of the Findlay VOR at FL220. As the flight continued and was cleared to FL270, the crew displayed confusion about magnetic headings and basic instruments. At 05:48, the aircraft deviated from the en route heading and the wrong heading was read back after a heading correction was given. Also, the aircraft continued climbing (to FL291), then radar and radio contact were lost at 05:51. The controller noted the pilot's speech was slurred and some portions of the conversation were unintelligible. Subsequently, the aircraft crashed in a steep dive. No preimpact part failure was verified, though impact forces and post-crash fire resulted in extensive damage of the aircraft. The aircraft was equipped with oxygen and pressurization systems. No audible warning was noted on ATC recordings to indicate the cabin altitude had exceeded 10,000 feet, though the aircraft was equipped with such a device.A CASA C-212 Aviocar was destroyed when it flew into the side of a mountain at an elevation of 2200 m while on a domestic Costa Rican flight from San José-Juan Santamaria International Airport (SJO) to Palmar Sur Airport (PMZ). All three crew members and twenty passengers were killed in the accident.A CASA C-212 Aviocar was destroyed when it flew into the side of a mountain at an elevation of 2200 m while on a domestic Costa Rican flight from San José-Juan Santamaria International Airport (SJO) to Palmar Sur Airport (PMZ). All three crew members and twenty passengers were killed in the accident.The "smoke in the rear cargo hold" warning activated during cruise at 10,600 m. The presence of smoke was confirmed but the source of fire could not be identified. Then the APU fire warning activated. The crew initiated an emergency descent to land at an intermediate airport. During descent the fire warning in both powerplants activated, the DC electrical system went dead, the attitude indicators, the compass system and the flap extension system shut off and the electromechanical altimeters stopped working. The crew force landed in a snow-covered field 3 km from Pervouralsk. The aircraft collided with irrigation equipment and broke up.Destroyed on ground during fighting (Gulf War).The Twin Otter was seized by guerrillas soon after landing. After all 22 passengers had been allowed to disembark, the guerrillas set fire to the aircraft.The aircraft was at Kuwait Airport during the Iraqi invasion of August 2, 1990 and blown up by Iraqi forces when allied forced intervened.Ryan Flight 590 landed at Cleveland at 23:44 and taxied to the mail ramp. Snow (dry and blowing) fell throughout the 35 minutes that the DC-9 was on the ground. The de-icing service was not requested during this period. Clearance to taxi to runway 23 was received at 00:09. Takeoff clearance was given at 00:18.On August 2, 1990 Iraqi forces occupied Kuwait. They seized ten commercial aircraft belonging to Kuwait Airways: two Boeing 767s, three Airbus A.300, and five Airbus A.310 planes. On 17 September 1990, two Boeing 767s (9K-AIB, 9K-AIC) were at Basra (BSR). Both planes were flown from Basra to Mosul (OSM) on 17 November 1990. Airbus A.300's 9K-AHF and 9K-AHG were also flown to Mosul.Reported damaged beyond repair within Iran.On August 2, 1990 Iraqi forces occupied Kuwait. They seized ten commercial aircraft belonging to Kuwait Airways: two Boeing 767s, three Airbus A.300, and five Airbus A.310 planes. On 17 September 1990, two Boeing 767s (9K-AIB, 9K-AIC) were at Basra (BSR). Both planes were flown from Basra to Mosul (OSM) on 17 November 1990. Airbus A.300's 9K-AHF and 9K-AHG were also flown to Mosul.Struck a mountainside of Mount Paso Macuna. The aircraft was being used to shuttle civilians between remote jungle settlements, probably on behalf of Mission Aviation Fellowship.Crashed after engine failure.An attempt to hijack Aeroflot Flight 930, a TU-134 aircraft on a domestic flight between Tbilisi and Moscow, failed when the aircraft returned to Tbilisi . A male passenger threatened to detonate an explosive device unless the plane was diverted to Ankara, Turkey. When the aircraft landed, the hijacker surrendered. He did not have an explosive device.While overhead Aspen, the crew requested a right downwind circling approach to runway 15. The airplane was observed in a steep right bank on base leg. It overshot the extended runway centerline and entered a steeper right bank to correct back to the runway centerline. The Learjet stalled and crashed.A Rockwell Sabreliner 60 jet was destroyed when it impacted a mountain side while descending towards Chihuahua Airport, Mexico. All ten occupants were killed.A man who was upset about being unable to smoke claimed in a note he was carrying explosives and demanded $13 million and a flight to Cuba. He later said he was joking and was apprehended at San Diego.Struck the ground while on approach to Épinal-Mirecourt Airport (EPL), France.A Douglas C-118A transport plane, operated by Air Colombia was chartered to carry 80 soldiers on a flight from Bogotá to Arauca and Puerto Carreño. The flight left at 09:10 hours local time but was forced to return due to a 'mechanical failure'.The BAe-748 transport plane returned to land at Dar Es Salaam International Airport (DAR), Tanzania because the undercarriage reportedly would not retract. After repairs a test flight was then performed. This time the undercarriage would not extend while the aircraft was on approach. Eventually a gear-up landing was made. It was subsequently found that the main undercarriage doors had become stuck partially open.Flew into the side of a mountain in poor weather. The wreckage as found on February 8, 1991, some 24 km WSW of Néa Anchialos Airport.The aircraft crashed on approach. Others sources claim the aircraft to be an Antonov 12.USAir Flight 1493 left Columbus at 13:17 for a flight to Los Angeles. The Boeing 737 aircraft entered LAX airspace around 17:57 and was cleared for a CIVET Two Profile Descent and ILS runway 24R approach. At 17:59 this was changed to a runway 24L approach clearance.USAir Flight 1493 left Columbus at 13:17 for a flight to Los Angeles. The Boeing 737, N388US (msn 23310), aircraft entered LAX airspace around 17:57 and was cleared for a CIVET Two Profile Descent and ILS runway 24R approach. At 17:59 this was changed to a runway 24L approach clearance.Reported damaged beyond repair within Iran.Shot down by a surface to air missile during operation 'Desert Storm'.The aircraft force landed into trees in stormy weather, 100 feet below the top of a ridge line, 37 miles from the Gorontalo-Jalaluddin Airport (GTO).The aircraft, dispatched with an inoperative airframe de-ice system, approached Beckley in icing conditions. Ice accumulated on the aircraft and a higher than usual approach speed was used. When full flaps were selected (50deg) the aircraft began to buffet and pitched nose down. The Jetstream slammed onto the runway and slid to a stop. There was evidence of tail plane stall, lack of company training in cold weather operations, deficiencies in the use of de-icing systems, and lack of FAA surveillance.An Aeroflot Tupolev 154 aircraft, with approximately 159 passengers and crew, was hijacked by a lone male passenger during a domestic flight from Tashkent to Odessa via Groznyy. The hijacker demanded to be taken to Istanbul, Turkey. Turkish officials, however, refused to allow the aircraft to land, and it diverted to Bourgas, Bulgaria. Following several hours of negotiations, the hijacker surrendered to Bulgarian authorities. An explosive device which the hijacker claimed to have, in reality, was a bottle of perfume.A Cessna 208B Grand Caravan cargo plane was damaged beyond repair in an accident. The pilot was killed. The Metro II was approaching Copenhagen runway 22L when, at 4nm out, the no. 2 engine suffered an uncontained failure. The crew shut down the engine and lowered the gear. The nosegear however, would not extend. Recycling the undercarriage did not help.The aircraft ran off runway 29 due to the malfunction of the steering system.At 30 feet agl the Tupolev suddenly lost height and landed hard, left main gear first.Struck trees and crashed in heavy rainstorm.The Romanian Presidential airplane, a Boeing 707-3K1C, was operated by Romavia. Two days before an official presidential mission to Beijing, the aircraft was test flown out of Bucharest-Otopeni Airport.The aircraft was taking off from a 920 metre grass strip in moderate to heavy rain. Takeoff weight was about 60 kilograms below maximum authorised. Witnesses reported that the aircraft became airborne well beyond the normal position, and then only momentarily, before the pilot abandoned the takeoff. The aircraft crossed the end of the strip and ran across a beach before coming to rest in chest deep water. The pilot of a following aircraft later indicated that there was a significant down wind component during the first aircraft's takeoff attempt.The aircraft, probably an Antonov 24, was shot down.A Lockheed L-1329 JetStar four engine corporate jet was damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion accident at Miami International Airport, FL (MIA).A Lockheed L-100-30 Hercules transport plane was struck by a surface-to-air missile after departure from Menongue Airport (SPP), Angola. The no. 4 engine took a direct hit and the no. 3 engine was damaged by shrapnel.The first approach to Villa Gesell was abandoned. The crew carried out a circuit and attempted a landing from the opposite side of the runway. The F-28 landed fast on a wet runway and overran, entering muddy terrain for 90 m. The nosegear collapsed and right main gear, together with part of the wing, were sheared off. The aircraft burned out.Caught fire while parked; probably arson.En route over Shark Bay the plane ran out of fuel. The pilot turned back to open ground, attempting to land in a cleared paddock. The airplane landed but struck felled coconut trees in the long grass.While executing a VOR approach, on a dark, foggy night, depth perception and ground contact were lost when the landing lights were turned on short final. A hard landing resulted, before corrective action became effective, resulting in wing spar, engine mounting support and propeller damage. The runway, and entire airport was covered with about 3 inches of mirror smooth ice, causing considerable glare.A CASA C-212 Aviocar military transport plane was destroyed when it flew into the Paramo Mucuqui mountain. The airplane operated on a domestic flight from El Vigia Airport (VIG) to Mérida Airport (MRD), Venezuela. One passenger survived; all three crew members and nineteen passengers were killed in the accident.An Aviocar passenger plane of Pelita Air Service was en route between Palembang and Jakarta, Indonesia, when the no. 2 engine failed. Altitude could not be maintained and the airplane began a gradual descent over sea. All luggage and two ground fire extinguishers were thrown overboard, but the descent was not arrested. Eventually a ditching became inevitable. The airplane came down in the northern part of Banten Bay, approx 90 km WNW from Jakarta.Faucett Airlines Flight 339, a DC-8 aircraft, was hijacked during a domestic flight from Trujillo (TRU) to Lima (LIM) by a man armed with a pistol and two grenades. He reportedly was upset because of a dispute with his employer. The crew successfully negotiated for the release of most of the passengers. TheThe DC-3 ran off the runway during takeoff.Witnesses observed the airplane on a 'normal' final approach, then saw it drop 'low and slow, retract the gear and roll to the left into the trees.' Examination of the engines revealed that the left engine failed because of a fatigue failure of a compressor turbine blade. Examination of the right engine revealed no evidence of malfunction that would have prevented the use of full power. The aircrew was experienced and well trained. The radar data confirmed a drop in airspeed just before the airplane contacted the trees.Remained in ground effect after lifting off prematurely. Rolled rapidly to the right and impacted the ground in an inverted attitude.The aircraft, on a food relief flight, overran the runway on landing and broke into three parts.After being cleared by air traffic control for the instrument landing system (ILS) approach to runway 05 at Anniston, the flight crew turned the airplane toward the north away from the airport in the erroneous belief that the airplane was south of the airport. The flight crew did not perform the manoeuvres specified on the approach chart, which required flying outbound from the airport, then performing the "procedure turn" back toward the airport. The investigation determined that in actuality, the airplane had intercepted the back course localizer signal for the ILS approach, and the flight crew had commenced the approach at a high airspeed about 2,000 feet above the specified altitude for crossing the final approach fix. The airplane continued a controlled descent until it impacted terrain.An Aeroflot Tupolev 154 aircraft with 115 passengers was hijacked en route from Groznyy to Moscow. The lone hijacker was armed with a hand grenade and demanded to be taken to Turkey. The aircraft landed at Moscow's Vnukovo Airport where the hijacker was shot and killed by Russian security forces. There were no injuries to passengers or crew.The aircraft lost control on final approach and crashed in a nose-down attitude.A Boeing 737-204 aircraft, operated by COPA Panama, was destroyed when it crashed near Tucutí, Panama. All 40 passengers and seven crew members were killed.The EC-135J landed long at Pope AFB and overshot the runway, causing the undercarriage to collapse. The fuselage broke in two. The remains were moved to Davis Monthan AFB, AZ.While descending through 200 m, the nose of the Tupolev was struck by a missile. The aircraft landed safely. While awaiting repairs the aircraft was destroyed during a mortar attack August 1, 1992.A descent for approach to runway 27 was made by the co-pilot. The aircraft veered off the right into a bushy area. The pilot could not arrest the (right) veer because he was not guarding the rudder - having his feet on the floor during the approach and landing.Four suspected National Liberation Army (ELN) guerrillas hijacked an Aerotaca DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft during a flight from Bogotá (BOG) to Bucaramanga (BGA) via El Yopal (EYP), where the hijackers boarded the aircraft. The airplane took off from El Yopal at 08:40 and was reported hijacked at 09:50.The Yak-40 departed Ashgabat, Turkmenistan at 18:57 MSK on a domestic flight to Chardzhou Airport. Weather at Chardzhou was reported to the flight crew as being: wind 280° 8 m/s with gusts of 12 m/s, visibility more than 7000 m, thunderstorm with rain. The aircraft collided with JBQ L-188 Electra N360WS after brakes failed.The Yak-40 operated on a charter flight from Stepanakert to Yerevan with 30 refugees aboard when it was attacked by an Azerbaijani Air Force Sukhoi Su-25 above the Kalbajar District, Azerbaijan. Two engines failed and a fire erupted with smoke filling the cabin. The pilots made an emergency descent and carried out a gear-up landing at Sisian Airport. Crashed.A Learjet 35A was destroyed when it crashed during an attempt to land on an airstrip at Cumuatillo in Mexico. The aircraft landed besides the runway, ran across and broke up while it ran through rough scrub. There was no fire.The Boeing 707 was operating on a test flight out of Ilorin, Nigeria when it made an inadvertent gear-up landing.A Tupolev 154B passenger plane, registered LZ-BTD, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Varna Airport (VAR), Bulgaria. All 130 on board survived.Crashed into lake during training flight.The Cessna 501 Citation I/SP corporate jet operated on a private flight to Lugano. The first LOC-DME approach to runway 03 was abandoned when the airplane was not stabilized on the approach.Crashed.Shortly after takeoff from runway 09R, the no. 3 engine and pylon separated from the airplane as a result of the failure of the pylon inboard midspar support fitting. The fitting had cracked due to fatigue, and had been cracked for some time. The point of cracking was not visible for inspection on the wing. The fitting is the subject of FAA Airworthiness Directive 88-24-10 and Boeing Service Bulletin 3183 which require visual inspection of the midspar fitting each 1500 flight hours or 600 cycles. This inspection had been completed on the failed fitting on January 2, 1992, 821 flight hours and 328 cycles before the failure.The airplane landed long on a wet runway at Detroit-Willow Run Airport, MI and began to hydroplane. Brakes and thrust reversers were ineffective in stopping the airplane on the remaining runway. When the pilot-in-command attempted to turn the airplane onto a ramp at the end of the runway, the airplane departed the runway to the left. The nose gear began to sink into the soft terrain and when it came in contact with the taxiway, the nose gear collapsed.A DHC-6 Twin Otter 200, N141PV, crashed during takeoff from Perris Valley Airport, California, following a loss of power in the airplane's right engine. Immediately after the airplane lifted off from runway 17, the right engine lost power, the right wing lowered to about 90º, and the airplane crashed adjacent to the runway.A de Havilland Canada DHC-5D Buffalo transport plane, operated by the Kenyan Air Force, was destroyed in an accident near Nairobi-Eastleigh Air Base, Kenya.Crashed.The Embraer Bandeirante impacted mountainous terrain as the aircraft neared Goroka Airport through the Goroka Gap.Two Ethiopian couples armed with hand grenades hijacked Ethiopian Airlines Flight ET574, a Boeing 727 aircraft flying a domestic route out of Addis Ababa with 105 passengers. The hijackers demanded to be taken to Nairobi, Kenya, where they requested USD5 million and fuel to fly to Toronto, Canada.The aircraft reportedly lost engine power and descended until impacting the sea off Orchid Island.Force landed in the desert when it ran into a violent sandstorm. Yasir Arafat, head of the Palestine Liberation Organization, was one of the surviving passengers.The Let L-410 operated on a flight from Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky to Baykovo on the Kuril Islands. Visibility was poor and the crew descended prematurely in order to get below the clouds for a visual approach to Baykovo. The crew was distracted while looking for landmarks as the aircraft descended until impacting slightly rising terrain, 5 km from the runway.A formation of nine Antonov 32 planes departed Chandigarh on the night of April 1. The third aircraft in the formation mistook the first aircraft to be the second. In order to cover up the distance, the pilot tried to fly into what he thought was his position. Since his plane was right above the second aircraft, a collision occurred. One of the two broke up and crashed. The other, losing control, veered away from Bahri village and crash-landed into a field nearby.A formation of nine Antonov 32 planes departed Chandigarh on the night of April 1. The third aircraft in the formation mistook the first aircraft to be the second. In order to cover up the distance, the pilot tried to fly into what he thought was his position. Since his plane was right above the second aircraft, a collision occurred. One of the two broke up and crashed. The other, losing control, veered away from Bahri village and crash-landed into a field nearby.An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 727 aircraft, on a domestic flight from Dire Dawa DIR) to Addis Ababa (ADD) with 135 passengers, was hijacked to Aden, Yemen. The hijacker, who reportedly seized the aircraft to escape the unsettled conditions in Ethiopia, surrendered to authorities in Yemen. No injuries were reported.Belly landing.The Boeing 707 took off from Luxembourg at 07:14 for an IFR flight to Kano, carrying 38 tonnes of freight. The aircraft, on a heading of 199deg, when passing VILAR and the VOR of Martigues, was authorized to leave FL290 for FL330. This flight section was performed in IMC in turbulent air. With the throttles at climb power and autopilot engaged the aircraft was flying at 280 knots IAS passing FL320. At this moment, the crew was experiencing severe turbulence and heard a double 'bang'. The aircraft suddenly rolled to the right. The captain disengaged autopilot and struggled to keep control by countering with control stick and rudder pedals. The continuous fire warning system sounded, but could not be switched off by the flight engineer. The first officer noted that the no. 4 engine had separated and sent out a Mayday call (at 08:11). The crew started the descend towards Marseilles and initiated the fuel dumping procedure. During the descent the first officer noted an airfield ahead (which was Istres) and was Marseilles transferred the aircraft to Istres Control. A left hand circuit was flown for a runway 15 landing at Istres. The plane touched down slightly to the left of the centreline at a 190 knots speed. Emergency brakes had to be used to decelerate. The left main gear tyres burst during the landing roll and the flight engineer selected maximum reverse thrust on the no. 2 engine. After a 2300 m ground roll, the 707 went off the left side of the runway and stopped 250 m further on. The fire on the right wing (which had erupted in the final approach phase) was put out. The landing took place at 08.35, about 24 min after engine separation. The aircraft had just been acquired by Trans-Air Service and had started flying on March 3, 1992 after having been stored at Southend since October 24, 1990. Between March 4 and Mach 31 the aircraft had accumulated 116 flying hours in 34 flights.The An-2 operated on a VFR flight from Evensk to Magadan, Russia in below-minima weather conditions. The aircraft entered clouds and deviated from the prescribed flight path by 26 km. It impacted the gentle slope of a hill at a height of 885 metres, while flying in heavy snowfall.The DC-9 landed hard on runway 09, 50 m past the threshold with a tailwind of 11 knots. The aircraft bounced and landed back 360 m further on after manual spoiler deployment. All the tires blew out and the fuselage broke in two between Stations 756 & 760.An Antonov 26 was ferried from Hanoi to Calcutta with a refueling stop at Rangoon. The aircraft took-off from Hanoi at 9:00 hours with estimated time of arrival Calcutta at 14:50 hours. On initial contact with Calcutta, the aircraft informed about minimum fuel on board and requested radar vectors for straight-in approach. However, Calcutta ATC did not pay much attention to the problems faced by the aircraft and made no serious attempt to assist the aircraft on radar. The pilot deviated from the track and became lost. The aircraft exhausted its fuel and force landed 28nm NE of Calcutta airport.The DC-8 sustained a nose gear collapse on landing rollout at Iquitos Airport's runway 06. After touchdown the crew noticed a 'gear unsafe' warning. Shortly afterwards the nose landing gear collapsed.The Yakovlev 40 was hit by anti-aircraft fire shortly after takeoff. One engine failed and a fire started in the rear of the plane. A safe landing was made at Sisian Airport.The DC-9 made a heavy landing at Tumaco, causing the fuselage to crack aft of overwing exits. The spoilers extended just prior to touchdown, possibly because of an inadvertent manual selection.Damaged beyond repair in unknown circumstances.Not providedThe aircraft deviated from the ILS localizer during a runway 33R approach and struck a 2000 feet hill (Mt. Hymettus). The pilot didn't comply with the procedures for an ILS approach and attempted a visual approach. Although the pilot confirmed established on the ILS localizer, but he was not on the localizer course. The crew decided too late to perform a missed approach.USAir flight 405 was scheduled to depart Jacksonville, FL (JAX) at 16:35 but was given a ground delay because of poor weather in the New-York-LaGuardia (LGA) area and was further delayed in order to remove the baggage of a passenger who chose to deplane. The Fokker F-28 jet departed Jacksonville at 17:15 and was cleared into the LaGuardia area without significant additional delays. The first officer accomplished an ILS approach to LaGuardia's runway 04 to minimums and initiated braking on the landing roll. Ramp congestion delayed taxiing to the parking gate. The airplane was parked at Gate 1 at approximately 19:49, 1 hour and 6 minutes behind schedule.Pilot errors in autopilot engagement and disengagement resulted in oscillations, which exceeded the allowed slip angles and vertical acceleration. The aircraft disintegrated in the air and crashed on the ice of a river.The Cessna 550 Citation II encountered wind shear during a LOC DME approach to runway 03 at Lugano Airport, Switzerland.The British Airways Concorde, G-BOAB was on a scheduled transatlantic passenger flight from London to New York. After the aircraft had been airborne for 1 hour and 57 minutes, when cruising at FL 530 and Mach 2, the crew noticed a momentary vibration which, in the absence of any unusual indications on the flight deck instruments, they assumed to be caused by a brief engine surge. However, approximately one hour later, as the aircraft was descending and decelerating below Mach 1.4, there was a sudden onset of severe vibration that was felt throughout the aircraft. Although the crew were unaware of the source of the vibration, portions of the upper rudder were probably separating from the aircraft at this time. In attempting to diagnose the problem it was found that increasing power on No 2 engine appeared to cause the vibration level to increase and accordingly, as a precaution, this engine was shut down. Aircraft handling was apparently unaffected until during the manual landing when more than normal right rudder was needed. However, an otherwise uneventful 3-engine approach and landing was carried out at JF Kennedy International Airport, New York. Upon landing, the crew were informed that a large section of the upper rudder was missing.Crashed.The NorOntair flight was scheduled to proceed from Red Lake to Kenora, and then to Thunder Bay. There were no passengers for the leg to Kenora, but there were passengers scheduled to fly out of Kenora to Thunder Bay. During the taxi to the runway, the pre-takeoff checks were completed and the captain conducted the briefing for a standard ten-degree flap takeoff. He then decided to practice a short takeoff and landing (STOL) type takeoff. He informed the first officer, and selected the flaps to 30 degrees. The captain lined up on the button of runway 08. The engines were set to takeoff power and after approximately 300 feet of ground roll, the aircraft became airborne. Initially the aircraft climbed, and then it began to descend. It then climbed again, more steeply than before. Suddenly, at approximately 150 feet agl, the aircraft stopped climbing, descended in a steep nosedown attitude, and crashed half-way down the runway.The Let L-410 was damaged beyond repair when the aircraft bounced after landing nosegear-first at Zilina Airport (ILZ). There was a strong tail-wind and because of the non-precision approach (NDB) the pilot was "long" for landing. He decided to force the aircraft to land. The first touch down was about half way down the runway. It bounced about 7m high and came down again nose-first. The nose landing gear collapsed and the aircraft veered-off the right side of the runway.The Let L-410 was damaged beyond repair when the aircraft bounced after landing nosegear-first at Zilina Airport (ILZ). There was a strong tail-wind and because of the non-precision approach (NDB) the pilot was "long" for landing. He decided to force the aircraft to land. The first touch down was about half way down the runway. It bounced about 7m high and came down again nose-first. The nose landing gear collapsed and the aircraft veered-off the right side of the runway.The pilot dropped the checklist on takeoff and the check airman elected to continue without the checklist. The crew thus forgot to lower the gear on the approach for a runway 23R touch-and-go landing. The propellers struck the runway. An emergency was declared and a turn was made (with the no. 2 prop feathered) for a runway 05L landing. Control was lost and the aircraft crashed,Crashed during a thunderstorm.Fifteen minutes after takeoff from Frankfurt Airport, while climbing through FL100 the translating cowl of the no. 1 engine thrust reverser became detached, struck the leading edge of the left horizontal stabiliser and fell to the ground. The commander subsequently shut down the engine and diverted to London Heathrow Airport where an uneventful overweight landing was made. The aircraft had had two previous malfunctions of the No 1 engine thrust reverser system.The YS-11 was being used for a training flight. A flapless approach for runway 22 was made, but the crew forgot to lower the gear. The YS-11 landed wheels-up, causing substantial damage.The heavily loaded fuel tanker landed with an approximate 3 knot tailwind. After touchdown the propellers either failed to go into reverse, or were slow in reversing. The aircraft overran the 3150 feet long gravel runway and came to rest on a frozen river with the undercarriage collapsed.The aircraft did not gain enough speed on takeoff because of a wet runway. The plane cleared a fence, then struck the ground left wing-first and crashed.Crashed at an airstrip in the Maasai Mara National Reserve and broken up there in 1993.The DC-3 met with an accident on November 11, 1991 when its props struck the ground. The aircraft was repaired and the engines were started for the first time since the accident. A fire erupted and the wing caught fire, destroying the whole plane.Damaged beyond repair in hard landing.The Dornier 228 originated from Lagos (LOS) at 07:00 UTC. Destination was Eket. Ground looped on landing in snow.During the post landing taxi, the DHC-6 Twin Otter and an airport ramp tug collided with one another. Both pilots in the airplane and the tug driver said they did not see each other until the collision occurred.During takeoff roll the corporate jet overran runway 13 and collided with concrete blocks and trees located beyond the end of the runway. The airplane managed to become airborne and continued to Dodoma.The aircraft landed far down the runway and overran 150 m onto rough ground. The landing gear collapsed.Nosegear failure.Hit by truck at Bangui Airport (BGF), Central African Republic.While visually approaching Palu in poor weather and reduced visibility, the aircraft struck Mount Kalora at 2295 feet.The inexperienced captain continued the unstabilized runway 01R ILS approach and descended below the authorized altitude without visual contact. The Learjet struck trees and crashed 0,8nm short of the Dulles runway threshold.The Metro struck a high ground while trying to land in poor weather.A Chinese male hijacked a China Southern Airlines Boeing 737 aircraft with 139 persons aboard during a scheduled domestic flight from Fuzhou to Guangzhou. Once the flight was airborne, the hijacker grabbed the chief flight attendant and held a knife to her stomach. He then forced the woman to tell the captain to divert the flight to Taiwan or the aircraft would be blown up. He claimed the bomb was held in the waist bag he was wearing. Another flight attendant pushed an alarm button and the captain opened the cabin door, allowing the hijacker to force his way into the cockpit. The hijacker demanded that the flight be diverted to Taiwan or it would be destroyed. The aircraft was flown to Taipei, where the hijacker surrendered to authorities. The device which the hijacker claimed was a bomb was discovered to be a flashlight-shaped radio.A Tupolev 154M operated by China Northwest Airlines as flight 2303 from Xian (XIY) to Guangzhou (CAN) was destroyed in an accident shortly after takeoff. All 146 passengers and 14 crew members were killed.Damaged beyond repair after touching down hard following a high sink rate on finals. A trip manifest container was lodged between the co-pilot's control yoke column and seat frame.An Avianca Fokker 50 sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Cúcuta, Colombia. The airplane touching down about halfway along runway 02 following a visual approach. The aircraft subsequently overran and crossed a drainage ditch. The nose undercarriage was torn off.Both engines failed about 2 minutes after takeoff. The aircraft crashed while trying to make a forced landing.A Vietnamese asylum seeker returning to Vietnam from a refugee camp in Indonesia attempted to hijack a Garuda charter flight from Indonesia to Australia. Shortly after takeoff from Batam Airport, the would-be hijacker, one of 110 voluntary returnees aboard the flight, took out a shampoo bottle which he had filled with gasoline. The man began splashing gasoline near the door of the cockpit and threatened to set himself on fire unless the flight was diverted to Australia. A Garuda mechanic and other Vietnamese asylum seekers were able to overpower the man, and the flight to Vietnam continued uninterrupted. The man was taken into custody upon arrival in Vietnam.The DC-8 cargo plane struck a tree and crashed while on a VOR approach to runway 06 at Kano Airport, Nigeria.ATI Flight 805 departed from Seattle at 23:20 for a flight to Toledo. The 1st officer was flying the ILS approach to runway 07. For undetermined reasons, he failed to properly capture the ILS localizer and/or glide slope during the approach. At 03:13 the captain decided to carry out a go-around. The aircraft was vectored onto a base leg and given a heading of 100deg to intercept the final approach course again. With a 35 knots crosswind (at 180deg) on the approach the 1st officer had trouble capturing the localizer/glide slope. At 03:24, as the 1st officer was attempting to stabilize the approach, 3 GPWS glide slope warnings and sink rate warnings sounded. The captain took over control at 03:24:17 and performed another missed approach manoeuvre. He became spatially disoriented and inadvertently allowed an unusual attitude to develop with bank angles up to 80deg and pitch angles up to 25deg. When in a nose-low and left bank angle attitude, control of the airplane was transferred back to the 1st officer who began levelling the wings and raising the nose of the airplane. Impact with the ground occurred before the unusual attitude recovery was completed.While being parked, the engines were started for an engine-run. When engine power reached 80%, the aircraft ran over its blocks and ran into a hangar. The maintenance crew forgot to set the brakes.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Following takeoff from Dakar-Yoff Airport, Senegal, at 04:26 the aircraft reported over Banjul at FL70 at 04:54. The flight began its descent at 05:05 and contacted Cap Skirring Airport. It was a moonless night but with 8 km visibility. At 05:11, the pilot reported downwind and began preparations for landing although he was still 28 NM (52 km) from his destination. On short final to the site he had mistaken for the airport, the aircraft hit trees and the left wingtip broke off. The pilot tried to pull up but the aircraft struck the ground.The Antonov departed Guryev (now Atyrau) when an engine flamed out at 900 m. The aircraft returned, but had to execute a missed approach procedure. Airspeed was lost in icing conditions and the aircraft descended with 6 m/sec, touched down and slid 418 m on rough ground on half-retracted gear and belly.The flight had departed Tucson, Arizona, on a special VFR ferry flight to Greybull, Wyoming. The airplane was not instrumented for IFR flight. When the flight reported over Winslow, it was advised that VFR flight was not recommended northbound from its present position. Surface weather conditions in south-central Wyoming/northwestern Colorado at the time of the accident were consistent with low ceilings, clouds and snow. Radar data shows the aircraft tracking northbound slightly east of the Dixon Airport, and executing a clockwise 360 degree turn northeast of the airport and in the vicinity of one of the witnesses. The last radar target received placed the aircraft approximately 1 mile NNE of the accident site. The aircraft impacted snow covered terrain in a steep nose-down attitude.Shortly after departure from runway 22 at Evansville (EVV), the Hercules stalled and crashed into a restaurant next to the Drury Inn hotel.An Ethiopian Airlines DHC-6 Twin Otter aircraft, with 15 passengers and three crew members, was hijacked to Djibouti while on a domestic flight between Addis Ababa and Bahar Dar. Two hijackers demanded to be taken to Kenya, but the pilot, citing insufficient fuel, landed in Djibouti. The hijackers surrendered. There were no injuries.C-54 N74AF suffered a hydraulics failure while taxiing. The C-54 struck the right wing of Super Constellation HI-542CT and ran into a ditch. A fire broke out.The Bandeirante descended below MDA in bad weather and impacted Taquari Hill at 3400 feet. The hill was hidden by clouds.C-54 N74AF suffered a hydraulics failure while taxiing. The C-54 struck the right wing of Super Constellation HI-542CT and ran into a ditch. A fire broke out.Four passengers hijacked the Caravan and forced to land at a remote airstrip near Turbo, Colombia. The hijackers disembarked at Turbo.Crashed after hitting high tension wires. The airplane has also reported being YU-BKF (1G167-27) from JAT Agricultural Aviation.A Lockheed HC-130H Hercules operated by the US Coast Guard was en route between Dutch Harbor and Kodiak, Alaska when the front reduction gearbox and propeller on the aircraft's No. 3 engine separated from the nacelle and struck the fuselage.The Tu-134 overran the runway, causing the nose gear to collapse. The runway had not been thoroughly cleared from snow.Crashed on a post-maintenance test flight.Crashed into the Caribbean Sea.The C-47 slid off the left side of runway, went through a fence and crossed a drainage ditch.The DHC-6 Twin Otter 200 operated on a cargo flight from Poste Montagnais Airport to Sept-Îles Airport, both in Quebec, Canada.Air Inter Flight ITF148, an Airbus A320, took off from Lyon (LYS) at 18:20 on a domestic service to Strasbourg-Entzheim Airport (SXB). Following an uneventful flight the crew prepared for a descent and approach to Strasbourg. At first the crew asked for an ILS approach to runway 26 followed by a visual circuit to land on runway 05. This was not possible because of departing traffic from runway 26. The Strasbourg controllers then gave flight 148 radar guidance to ANDLO at 11DME from the Strasbourg VORTAC. Altitude over ANDLO was 5000 feet. After ANDLO the VOR/DME approach profile calls for a 5.5% slope (3.3deg angle of descent) to the Strasbourg VORTAC. While trying to program the angle of descent, "-3.3", into the Flight Control Unit (FCU) the crew did not notice that it was in HDG/V/S (heading/vertical speed) mode. In vertical speed mode "-3.3" means a descent rate of 3300 feet/min. In TRK/FPA (track/flight path angle) mode this would have meant a (correct) -3.3deg descent angle. A -3.3deg descent angle corresponds with an 800 feet/min rate of descent. The Vosges mountains near Strasbourg were in clouds above 2000 feet, with tops of the layer reaching about 6400 feet when flight 148 started descending from ANDLO. At about 3nm from ANDLO the aircraft struck trees and impacted a 2710 feet high ridge at the 2620 feet level near Mt. Saint-Odile. Because the aircraft was not GPWS-equipped, the crew were not warned.Last reported wind was 310deg at 25 knots. During the runway 24 landing flare lifted the plane in a nose down attitude. The plane continued to descend and landed hard. The fuselage had cracked just aft of the wings and the aft fuselage was bent down about 7 degrees.The Boeing 767 was approaching Cheju (CJU) and cleared to land on runway 24. Crosswind existed from 310 degrees at 22 to 24 knots. After a normal landing on the main wheels the nosewheel touched down hard. The aircraft sustained substantial damage to the fuselage with upper fuselage crown damage between stations 610 and 654. The nose wheel well bulkhead (station 287) and skin panels in fuselage section 41 were also damaged.Sustained substantial damage in a forced landing.Crashed after oil leak.Crashed during an emergency landing following engine problems.One of the wings struck a tree on final approach; the aircraft crashed into a clinic and caught fire.Damaged beyond repair during emergency landing.Not providedHeavy landing; probably damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The pilot of a Cubana aircraft diverted the plane to Miami International Airport in Florida and requested political asylum. After persuading the co-pilot to leave the flight deck, the pilot locked himself inside alone and changed course. The plane was en route from Havana, Cuba, to Nassau, Bahamas. The pilot was the only person on the aircraft to request asylum. The other crew members-two co-pilots, a mechanic, a security operations agent, and two flight attendants-returned to Cuba with the aircraft several hours after landing. None of the 16 passengers were Cuban citizens; they were released to continue their vacations.About one hour after takeoff, while cruising at an altitude of 8000 feet, the no. 2 engine began to vibrate for a short while. Some twenty minutes later the vibrations started again, forcing the pilot to shut down the engine. They were not able to maintain height and the Islander descended below the clouds. An emergency landing was attempted on a road, but the airplane was not able to reach the road and crash-landed in trees.The right main gear leg would not extend on approach. Attempts to rectify the problem failed and the aircraft landed on runway 26 with nosegear and left main gear extended. The aircraft veered to the right and went off the side of the runway. The story goes that the hydraulic system was low on fluid; the crew then poured the onboard beverages into the hydraulic system and were able to lower the right main gear slightly.The aircraft struck trees and crashed short of the runway.Let 410 CCCP-67608 was parked at Kyzyl (KYZ) when it was hit by Antonov An-2P CCCP-07308. The Antonov's brakes had failed and the airplane ran into the Let, ripping off the left engine. The propeller cut through the fuselage, causing extensive damage to the Let. It was cannibalised and later used for training of the fire brigade at Kyzyl.Damaged beyond repair. Possible due to a storm.The Antonov operated on a charter flight from Batumi, Georgia to Shymkent, Kazakhstan via Baku, Azerbaijan, with merchants and their goods. A cargo of rice bags had not been secured. The cargo thus probably began to shift during the aircraft's rotation. The nose pitched up, the aircraft stalled and crashed.Undershot the runway. The right main gear leg struck the raised lip of the runway and collapsed.A Convair CV-580, N580HH, was substantially damaged during a precautionary landing on runway 17 at Greenville-Majors Airport, Texas. There were no injuries.The Islander stalled on finals. The left wing touched the ground and the airplane crash-landed and broke up.Crashed after takeoff.Flew into a hill while positioning for a visual approach to El Yopal. Impact took place at the 3000 feet level of a cloud-shrouded hill.Engine failure; crashed.Reportedly withdrawn from use and used for spares following an engine explosion on landing at Goma.RAF Hercules XV193 was one of three Hercules aircraft engaged in formation and low-level navigation training over Scotland. Having completed the formation element of the sortie, the three aircraft separated for individual exercises, which, for the crew of XV193, included a simulated drop of a small cargo pack onto a dummy drop zone in a valley, eight miles north of Pitlochry. Having completed the simulated drop exercises and turned north to begin their egress from the drop zone, a rocky outcrop forced the crew to continue the left turn. After avoiding this obstacle, the crew elected to reverse their turn to enter the narrow valley of Glen Loch and regain the original route. In performing this manoeuvre, at low-level and low-speed, the aircraft stalled and crashed.Cessna Citation G-JETB was to fly eight passengers from Southampton (SOU) to Eindhoven (EIN). Because G-JETB had arrived at Oxford (OXF) the previous evening, the airplane had to be ferried to Southampton early in the morning. This as a regular occurrence.Damaged in an accident.During landing on runway 07 at Madras airport, the right landing gear attachment failed and right engine contacting runway surface immediately on touch down. The aircraft started swerving towards the right of runway center line. The aircraft finally came to stop with its nose wheel and failed right main landing gear entering the grassy side strip soon after crossing the Delta taxiway. The fire emanating from the right engine was extinguished and the crew and passengers evacuated the aircraft through the left side exit doors by means of the slide chutes.Crashed into Mount Iavello.Landed short of runway.The Beechcraft 1900C-1 struck Blue Hill at 2280 feet during an ILS approach to Saranac Lake runway 23. The glide slope elevation at that point was approx. 2900 feet.Crashed into a hill, while inbound to Bogotá.The aircraft touched down 2 m short of the runway. The undercarriage struck a drainage ditch and collapsed. The aircraft continued onto the runway, veered right off the side of the runway an crossed a road, striking a bus with its right wing. The short and narrow runway at M'Banza forces B727 pilots to touch down as soon after the threshold as possible.The Caravan departed Itaituba (ITB) at 06:40 on a flight to Jacareacanga (JCR). Jacareacanga Radio was contacted five minutes later. The crew were informed that visibility was poor: ceiling at 0 feet with a visibility of 300 meters, which was below minimums. The Caravan circled the airport to wait for the weather to improve. At 07:37 Jacareacanga Radio tried to contact the flight, but no answer was received. It appeared that the airplane had flown into the ground.The Airbus took off from Taipei for a flight to Nagoya where it arrived over the Outer Marker at 20:12:26. The 1st officer started the runway 34 ILS-approach with auto throttles engaged. At an altitude of 1070 feet (at 145 knots and 5 degrees pitch) he inadvertently selected TOGA (Take Off Go Around) mode.The Islander collided with Mount Saran while descending in IMC.An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 757 aircraft, en route from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, was hijacked as it approached Djibouti for a scheduled stop. The hijacker, an Ethiopian man, reportedly used a toy revolver to storm the cockpit and demand that the flight, which had 148 passengers on board, be diverted to London. Authorities in Djibouti refused to allow the plane to land, and it was diverted to Sanaa, Yemen, where it circled for two hours before landing rights were authorized. The hijacker released the passengers, but he continued to hold the pilot and co-pilot hostage for a period of three hours before surrendering to Yemeni authorities. The hijacker was a lieutenant in the Ethiopian Army and intended to ask for political asylum in London.The DC-3 aircraft VH-EDC had been chartered to convey college students and their band equipment from Sydney (SYD) to Norfolk Island Airport (NLK) to participate in Anzac Day celebrations on the island. The aircraft was to proceed from Sydney (Kingsford-Smith) Airport to Norfolk Island, with an intermediate landing at Lord Howe Island Airport, NSW (LDH) to refuel. The flight was to be conducted in accordance with IFR procedures. The aircraft, which was carrying 21 passengers, was crewed by two pilots, a supernumerary pilot and a flight attendant. Preparations for departure were completed shortly before 09:00, and the aircraft was cleared to taxi for runway 16 via taxiway Bravo Three. The co-pilot was the handling pilot for the departure. The aircraft was cleared for takeoff at 09:07:53. All engine indications were normal during the takeoff roll and the aircraft was flown off the runway at 81 kts. During the initial climb, at approximately 200 ft, with flaps up and the landing gear retracting, the crew heard a series of popping sounds above the engine noise. Almost immediately, the aircraft began to yaw left and at 09:09:04 the pilot in command advised the Tower that the aircraft had a problem. The co-pilot determined that the left engine was malfunctioning. The aircraft speed at this time had increased to at least 100 kts. The pilot in command, having verified that the left engine was malfunctioning, closed the left throttle and initiated propeller feathering action. During this period, full power (48 inches Hg and 2,700 RPM) was maintained on the right engine. However, the airspeed began to decay. The co-pilot reported that he had attempted to maintain 81 KIAS but was unable to do so. The aircraft diverged to the left of the runway centreline. Almost full right aileron had been used to control the aircraft. The copilot reported that he had full right rudder or near full right rudder applied. When he first became aware of the engine malfunction, the pilot in command assessed that, although a landing back on the runway may have been possible, the aircraft was capable of climbing safely on one engine. However, when he determined that the aircraft was not climbing, and that the airspeed had reduced below 81 kts, the pilot in command took control, and at 09:09:38 advised the Tower that he was ditching the aircraft. He manoeuvred the aircraft as close as possible to the southern end of the partially constructed runway 16L. The aircraft was ditched approximately 46 seconds after the pilot in command first advised the Tower of the problem. The four crew and 21 passengers successfully evacuated the aircraft before it sank. They were taken on board pleasure craft and transferred to shore.The aircraft, chartered to Relief Air Transport, suffered an no. 1 engine failure on climbout. Undercarriage and flaps were retracted and the engine shut down. Unable to maintain height, a belly landing was made. The left wing struck trees during the slide.The brakes were overheated while taxiing to another parking spot following landing. A fire broke out and spread.A FedEx employee was due to be fired for lying on his résumé about his previous flying experience with the United States Navy. He took a jump seat on a regular flight from Memphis (MEM) to San Jose (SJC). He was intending to murder the flight crew with hammers and then to use the aircraft for a kamikaze attack on FedEx Headquarters in Memphis. He attacked just minutes after takeoff, brutally wounded the flight crew with hammers and fractured the skull of the first officer. A lengthy struggle ensued with the flight engineer and captain. The first officer managed to control the plane as the three others struggled in the cockpit.Cessna Caravan JA8898 departed Okayama at 18:28 for a flight to Hiroshima. It was dark and it was raining a little when the pilot approached Hiroshima.A lone gunman hijacked a Sudan Airways Boeing 737 aircraft with 93 passengers and six crew members during a domestic flight from Khartoum to Dongola. Armed with both a pistol and a knife, the hijacker forced his way into the cockpit and ordered the pilot to divert to Cairo, Egypt. Egyptian authorities refused to allow the plane to land at Cairo International Airport but directed it 330 miles south to the Egyptian resort area of Luxor. The hijacker reportedly threatened to blow up the plane but surrendered to Egyptian authorities in Luxor about 90 minutes after the plane landed. The young Sudanese hijacker reportedly asked for political asylum in Egypt, stating the deteriorating political and economic conditions in Sudan were unbearable.Rwanda's president, Juvénal Habyarimana, and Burundian president, Cyprien Ntaryamira, were killed when the Falcon 50 corporate jet crashed after being hit by a missile while on final approach to Kigali. The aircraft struck a cloud-shrouded mountain at 13400 feet (300 feet below the summit) while climbing to FL155.Flight KL433 took off from Amsterdam runway 24 at 14:19 for a 1h18 min flight to Cardiff. At 14:30 the flight passed FL165, climbing to FL200 when the Master Warning was triggered by the no. 2 engine oil pressure light. The Master Warning was reset and the captain retarded the no. 2 engine power lever slowly to flight idle, causing the engine torque to decrease from 78% to 10%. Retarding the power lever is not part of the Emergency Checklist (ECL) procedure. Possibly this was done to prevent damage to the right-hand engine. The ECL Engine Oil Pressure Low procedure was then started. The ECL states that the engine must be shut down if the oil pressure warning light is on and oil pressure below 30psi. If the warning light is on and the engine oil pressure is above 30psi, normal operation should be continued. As the no. 2 engine pressure was above 50psi, both flight crew members agreed normal operation should be continued. The captain didn't want to continue to Cardiff and elected to return to Amsterdam. At 14:33 Amsterdam Radar was contacted with a PAN-call and a request to maintain FL160 and return to Amsterdam. One minute later a clearance was received to descend to FL70. KL433 was offered a straight in approach for either runway 06 or runway 01R. The captain decided to use runway 06 and was cleared to descend to 2000 feet. Landing clearance was given at 14:42 and one minute later the ILS localizer and glide slope were intercepted. The captain, not realising the consequences of flying with one engine in flight idle and was not able to anticipate correctly on the airspeed variations which resulted in an approach not stabilized in power, airspeed and pitch during the final approach. The speed had decreased to 115 knots and the crew reacted by applying an aggressive increase in torque (from 40% to 65%) with limited corrections for asymmetry. This placed the aircraft to the right of the extended centreline at an altitude of 90 feet. At 14:45:53 the captain called for a go-around and no. 1 engine torque was set at 98% with the no. 2 engine remaining at flight idle. Flaps were set at 7deg and the gear was retracted. The aircraft rolled right and pitched up to a maximum of 12deg. The stall warning system activated as the airspeed decreased and continued until impact. The Saab struck the ground with an approx. 80deg right bank and broke up.A Learjet 55 corporate jet sustained substantial damage in an emergency landing accident at Sevilla Airport (SVQ), Spain. Belly landing.Landed long and fast. Crashed.Starlifter 66-0173 was parked on the ramp at Pope AFB. Army paratroops were boarding the plane for an exercise airdrop mission. At that moment a USAF F-16D (88-0171) entered the traffic pattern on finals for runway 23. The F-16 collided with a USAF Lockheed C-130E Hercules (68-10942) at an altitude of 300 feet. The C-130 continued and landed safely. Both F-16 pilots ejected, but the airplane crashed onto the taxiway. It skidded into the loading C-141, puncturing the fuel tanks in the right wing, causing a massive fire. Of approximately 500 troops in the vicinity of the accident, 23 were killed and over 80 were injured.Crashed into high ground on descent.The aircraft was en route from Moscow to Hong Kong at 10100 m when, approaching the Novokuznetsk reporting point, the captain's daughter entered the cockpit. She was allowed to sit the left-hand seat while the captain demonstrated some autopilot features, using HDG/S and NAV submodes to alter the heading. The captain's son then took the left front seat. The captain intended to demonstrate the same manoeuvre when his son asked if he could turn the control wheel. He then turned the wheel slightly (applying a force of between 8-10 kg) and held it in that position for a few seconds before returning the wheel to the neutral position. The captain then demonstrated the same features as he did to his daughter and ended by using the NAV submode to bring the aircraft back on course. As the autopilot attempted to level the aircraft at its programmed heading, it came in conflict with the inputs from the control wheel which was blocked in a neutral position. Forces on the control wheel increased to 12-13 kg until the torque limiter activated by disconnecting the autopilot servo from the aileron control linkage. The autopilot remained engaged however. The aircraft then started to bank to the right at 2,5deg/sec, reaching 45deg. when the autopilot wasn't able to maintain altitude. The A310 started buffeting, which caught the attention of the captain who told the co-pilot to take control while he was trying to regain his seat. The seat of the co-pilot was fully aft, so it took him an additional 2-3 seconds to get to the control wheel. The bank continued to 90 degrees, the aircraft pitched up steeply with +4,8g accelerations, stalled and entered a spin. Two minutes and six seconds later the aircraft struck the ground.On the day before the accident, the Islander aircraft flew from Aurukun to Weipa with the chief pilot occupying the left pilot seat and the pilot involved in the accident occupying the right pilot seat. At Weipa the chief pilot left the aircraft,A passenger claiming to have an explosive device in a bag hijacked Meridiana Flight 1132 shortly after takeoff from Palermo, Sicily. The DC-9 aircraft, with 160 passengers and crew, was en route to Rome. The hijacker was a 67-year-old Sicilian who demanded to speak with officials in order to submit a protest against the Italian Government for "injustices" against him. His demands stemmed from an arrest in 1984. He threatened to commit suicide if his demands were not met. The left wing hit the approach lights of runway 20. The DC-9 touched down about 50 m short of the runway, causing both main gear to separate. The aircraft slid for 580 m and came to rest with a ruptured right wing rear spar web. This caused the opening of the integral right wing fuel tank, allowing fuel to escape and feed a post crash fire.A Canadair Challenger 601-3A, N88HA, operating as a positioning flight after passenger drop off, experienced a dual engine flameout during cruise flight between FL370 and FL410 in the vicinity of Bassett, Nebraska. The airplane sustained substantial damage during the subsequent forced landing in an alfalfa field. The two commercial pilots received serious injuries. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the flight, an IFR flight plan was in effect. The airplane departed Burlington, Vermont approximately 21:28, with an intended destination of Long Beach, California.Both engines lost power at FL410; forced landing in a field, striking an irrigation structure and trees. Improper refueling by FBO personnel at Lawrence, MA caused the Challenger to depart with water contaminated fuel.The Twin Otter ran off the runway upon take off.Crashed.A forced landing was carried out following an engine failure. The CASA C-212 was damaged beyond repair when it struck a ditch.The crew had arrived in Key West Harbor with 13 passengers about 10:10, and had disembarked the passengers. The crew moored the airplane and had gone ashore. The crew returned to the airplane about 11:30, and were planning on a short flight to Key West Airport for the purpose of refueling. The first officer was the pilot flying, and the checklist for start, run-up, and takeoff was partially accomplished. Shortly after liftoff the airplane was observed by witnesses to pitch up abruptly. The captain, and first officer noted the nose pitching up, and the captain stated that they "might have a lot of water in the tail", and the first officer then stated "a lot of water". The crew was then heard to attempt to overcome the nose up pitch until impact.On February 21, 1994, the right engine of N3433Y experienced a misfire and loss of power while on final approach to Spokane, WA. The airplane was grounded for maintenance and the right engine was removed and replaced with an overhauled engine from Precision Airmotive. Precision Airmotive reported that the overhaul was completed and approved for service on December 20, 1993 and preserved for short term storage. Prior to the overhaul the engine had been on the shelf in long term storage. A Dassault Falcon 900, N327K, operated by the Ford Motor Company, sustained substantial damage when the pilot made an intentional landing at the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport with the nose landing gear in the UP position. The three crewmembers and six passengers aboard the airplane were not injured. The corporate flight originated at Washington National Airport.Possibly shot down by Armenian rebels.A Boeing 727-46 passenger plane, registered HK-2422X, was destroyed in an accident near Medellín, Colombia. There were 125 passengers and seven crew members on board. All were killed.The DHC-3 Otter was being test-flown after re-assembly. After lifting off the runway it veered left, reaching a height of 75 feet. The left wing contacted the ground and the airplane crashed.Overran runway; damaged beyond repair.Overran runway; damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.The misloaded aircraft dived into the ground on finals.Overran into the sea after aborting the takeoff. All instruments etc. were removed from the plane and it was sunk in only 42 feet of water off Great Dog Island to serve as a dive site.Touched down hard causing the undercarriage to collapse. The fuselage failed fore and aft of the wing.On landing the pitch attitude of the airplane exceeded 10 degrees nose up and the aft fuselage contacted the runway.Continental Express Flight 2733 departed Little Rock, AR at 15:16 for an IFR flight to Houston. As the airplane was climbing through 15800 feet the flight attendant asked the crew whether they could climb faster to the cruising altitude as she wanted to start cabin service. The pitch attitude was then changed from 3.2 deg to 5.2 deg within 18 seconds. The rate of climb increased from 420 fpm to 900 fpm, but the airspeed had dropped from 173 KIAS to 166 KIAS while climbing through 16100 feet. The pitch angle increased further to 6.4 deg and the airspeed decreased further to 160 knots and later to 141 KIAS. The Brasilia was climbing through FL170 (at 15:33) when the auto flight system disconnected and the stick shaker activated followed by an aural stall warning. The airplane had roll oscillations as high as 90 deg in each direction and pitch attitudes as low as 67 deg nose down. The speed increased to 210 KIAS as the plane descended with 17000 fpm. Control was regained at 5500 feet and an emergency was declared to Memphis ARTCC. A diversion was made to Pine Bluff but the plane overshot the right turn to final for runway 17 due to control problems and the aircraft touched down with 1880 feet of runway remaining. The plane hydroplaned off the runway onto wet rough sod and came to rest 687 feet past the runway end on a heading of 220 deg.The Zambian national football team had to play a World cup qualification match against the Senegal national team. In order to transport the team and officials to Dakar, a Zambian Air Force plane was prepared. The DHC-5 Buffalo, AF-319, had not been flying from December 21, 1992 to April 21, 1993 so test flights were carried out on April 22 and April 26. On April 26 both the A and B checks were carried out revealing certain defects such as carbon particles in the engine and in speed decreased gearbox oil filters, disconnected or unbridled cables and trace of heating. The Buffalo departed Lusaka, for Dakar with planned intermediate stops at Brazzaville, Libreville and Abidjan. After refuelling at Libreville, the aircraft took-off at 22:44 hours, one hour and 45 minutes late. Shortly afterwards the left engine failed. The plane headed out over sea and lost altitude until it struck the water 500 m offshore. An investigation conducted by the Gabonese Ministry of Defence suggested that the pilot shut down the remaining right-hand engine causing the plane to lose all power. The report, released in November 2003, also said that the pilot was tired, having just flown back from Mauritius the previous day.Some 30 minutes into the flight the no. 2 engine lost power and had to be shut down. The pilot carried out a forced landing on rough ground, causing irreparable damage to the airplane.While on a proficiency check flight both pilots attempted to perform a barrel roll (a prohibited aerobatics manoeuvre). The Beech struck the ground shortly before completion of the roll.One of the main wheel tyres burst on takeoff. The takeoff was continued and a holding pattern was flown for 2 hours to burn up fuel. The aircraft then landed far down the Bogotá runway and when an overrun seemed unavoidable, the pilot undercarriage was retracted. The Caravelle slid past the runway end, crossing a ditch before coming to rest 100 m further on. The aircraft was carrying a cargo of 70 boxes of dynamite.Written off, no further details.The AC-130H Hercules gunship departed Mombasa (MBA) for a mission to Mogadishu (MGQ) in support of Operation Continue Hope. Reportedly a 105 mm shell exploded in a gun barrell. The airplane subsequently crashed into the sea about 200 yards offshore in 10-15 feet of water.A visual approach to runway 17 was flown at half flap and when in landing flare, the landing gear warning horn sounded. An attempt to carry out a go-around failed as the plane belly landed on the runway, skidding for 800 feet before coming to rest.The aircraft departed Bankstown Airport, NSW (BWU) at about 06:40 and proceeded as planned to Inverell Airport, NSW (IVR) with several en route stops. At Inverell the pilot rested until his departure that afternoon for the return journey. At 17:23 the pilot departed Armidale (ARM) for Tamworth (TMW). The planned time for the flight was 17 minutes. The flight plan indicated the flight would be conducted in accordance with IFR procedures. The pilot elected to remain at 4,500 ft in visual meteorological conditions because of conflicting traffic at higher altitudes. The published IFR lowest safe altitude for the route was 5,400 ft.A Sahara India Airlines Boeing 737, VT-SIA, was engaged in a training flight with an instructor and 3 trainee pilots. Five circuits and landings were completed uneventfully. During the sixth touch-and-go exercise, after the take off from runway 28, the aircraft had climbed to 400-500 feet when it banked left and crashed at the International Terminal Apron. The wreckage of aircraft hit an Aeroflot Ilyushin 86 aircraft parked on Bay No. 45 as a result of which it also caught fire. Two Aeroflot employees, a Russian ground engineer and an airport worker were killed inside the Il-86. One employee of an airport oil company was killed on the tarmac.A man with a toy gun and two female accomplices hijacked a Saudi Arabian Airlines Airbus A300 aircraft with 139 passengers on board and forced it to land in Nairobi, Kenya. The hijacker took control of the aircraft after it took off from Jeddah en route to the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa. The passengers and crew, with the exception of the pilot and co-pilot, were released after the plane landed at Nairobi's Jomo Kenyatta International Airport. Negotiations with the hijackers, who demanded the plane be refuelled and flown to Rome, Italy, took place during a total news blackout by Kenyan authorities. After 16 hours, the aircraft was reportedly stormed by members of Kenya's hostage rescue team, the General Service Unit, and the male hijacker was shot and wounded. The A Sahara India Airlines Boeing 737, VT-SIA, was engaged in a training flight with an instructor and 3 trainee pilots. Five circuits and landings were completed uneventfully. During the sixth touch-and-go exercise, after the take off from runway 28, the aircraft had climbed to 400-500 feet when it banked left and crashed at the International Terminal Apron. The wreckage of aircraft hit an Aeroflot Ilyushin 86 aircraft parked on Bay No. 45 as a result of which it also caught fire. Two Aeroflot employees, a Russian ground engineer and an airport worker were killed inside the Il-86. One employee of an airport oil company was killed on the tarmac.The DC-6 left Guayaquil on February 27 on a ferry flight to La Paz. The aircraft was diverted to Tumbes due to problems (backfiring) on the no. 3 engine. The engine was repaired during the next days. An engine check was to be performed prior to departure. The engine overprimed and a fuel fire broke out in the exhaust pipe. Because the aircraft's batteries were almost flat, there was not enough power left to continue turning the engine, which would have blown the fire out. The fire spread, destroying the aircraft.Prior to takeoff, the aircraft was deiced. The aircraft taxied to runway 13 and started the takeoff roll at 17:58:36. Northwest Airlines Flight 18 had departed from Hong Kong for a flight to New York-JFK with an intermediate stop at Tokyo-Narita, Japan. The flight, touchdown, and initial landing rollout at Narita, were routine. Engine thrust reversing was normal on all four engines until the flight crew moved the engine power levers out of reverse thrust at about 90 knots. During the rollout, the No. 1 engine and pylon rotated downward about the midspar pylon-to-wing fittings into a position in which the lower forward part of the engine nose cowl contacted the runway. The airplane was subsequently stopped on a taxiway, with the front of the No. 1 engine still contacting the ground. The lower forward engine nose cowl had been ground away as it slid along the runway. A fire near the No. 1 engine was rapidly extinguished by local fire fighters, and all passengers remained aboard. They were subsequently deplaned via portable boarding stairs about 30 minutes after the airplane was brought to a stop. There were no injuries.Damaged beyond repair in landing accident.An Air Algerie domestic flight with 130 people aboard was hijacked to the southern Spanish port of Alicante. Flight 6165 was en route from Oran, in western Algeria, to Annaba, near the Tunisian border when it was hijacked by three Algerian policemen. The plane landed at Alicante Airport, reportedly without the pilot requesting prior clearance. The hijackers, after a period of negotiations with Spanish authorities, released 12 hostages unharmed. The hijackers demanded political asylum and carried handguns throughout the five-hour ordeal. They surrendered to authorities after the aircraft was surrounded by Spanish police.During takeoff for a ferry flight to Miami, the TriStar experienced a mechanical power loss on the number 3 and number 1 engines and an internal fire on the number 1 engine. The takeoff was aborted and during the taxi back, the fire on the number 1 engine was extinguished.Crashed. Newspaper reports indicate the accident happened near San José del Llano, close to a military airstrip in the Badiraguato Municipality.Struck Cerro Carpish at 4000 m, 6 min after leaving Tingo Maria.The aircraft was en-route to Coventry in severe icing conditions when the no. 2 engine failed and the prop auto feathered. The no. 3 engine also ran down. The crew, at that moment descending from FL150, were cleared for an immediate descent to FL70 and then to FL50. The crew elected to divert to Birmingham since the engines wouldn't restart. They managed to restart the no. 2 engine a little later, but then the no. 4 engine failed. Just 5 minutes short of Birmingham load shedding occurred and radio and intercom were lost. The Viscount struck trees on down sloping terrain and broke up.A Beechjet 400A airplane, N8279G, collided with the terrain during landing at Cuyahoga County Airport near Cleveland, Ohio. The certificated airline transport pilot and co-pilot and their four passengers were not injured. The airplane received substantial damage. On approach to Nalchik the flaps were set to 35 deg. The nose suddenly pitched up and down; control was lost and the An-12 crashed 4,5 km short of the runway. The aircraft was carrying a cargo of coins (13,5 t.) from St. Petersburg to Nalchik via Volgograd.On February 9 the Tupolev 134 arrived at Budapest following a flight from Kiev. The aircraft was subsequently prepared for an F3 maintenance check. During this check, the instrument panel in the flight deck was cleaned. The chemical substance used in this process caught fire, causing a rapid fire on the flight deck. Four maintenance technicians were killed. The Tupolev was withdrawn from use and parked at Budapest Airport until it was scrapped there in 1995.A China Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 aircraft on a domestic flight from Changsha to Fuzhou, was hijacked to Taiwan by a 36-year-old businessman who was accompanied by his wife, foster mother, and two children. The man, clothed in a riot policeman's uniform, was armed with a fruit knife. He also claimed to have an explosive device, but it was actually a Thermos cup containing tissue paper and wires. The hijacker burned a small piece of wire with his lighter, giving the impression that he was lighting the fuse of a bomb. A McDonnell Douglas DC-9-82, N72822, operating as Continental Airlines Flight 588, had the right main landing gear collapse during landing roll at Denver-Stapleton International Airport, Colorado. There were two minor injuries reported from the emergency evacuation, and the aircraft sustained substantial damage. Crashed in mountainous terrain in poor weather.A McDonnell Douglas DC-9-82, N14816, operating as Continental Flight 182, incurred damage to the lower aft body on landing at Denver-Stapleton International Airport, Colorado. There were no injuries; however, the aircraft sustained substantial damage. At FL160 the no. 1 engine was hit by a SAM missile. A forced landing had to be carried out in a field near Luena. One crewmember was killed after stepping on a mine.Boeing 737 VT-ECQ was operating flight IC-491 from Delhi to Bombay with enroute stops at Jaipur, Udaipur and Aurangabad. The heavily laden aircraft started its takeoff roll from Aurangabad's runway 09 (which is approx 7500 feet long) in high temperatures (38-41deg C). After lifting off almost at the end of the runway, it impacted heavily with a lorry carrying pressed cotton bales on a highway at a distance of about 410 feet from the end of runway. The left main landing gear, left engine bottom cowling and thrust reverser impacted the left side of the truck at a height of nearly seven feet from the level of the road. Thereafter the aircraft hit the high tension electric wires nearly 3 km North-East of the runway and hit the ground.Indian Airlines Flight IC427, a Boeing 737 aircraft with 135 passengers and six crew members, was hijacked while en route to Srinagar (SXR) from Delhi (DEL). The hijacker demanded to be flown to Kabul, Afghanistan. He claimed to be a senior member of the Hezbul Mujahedin, a group fighting to unite Indian-controlled Kashmir to that portion of the region controlled by Pakistan. He was armed with two pistols and a hand grenade and fired a bullet into the roof of the aircraft, forcing it to remain below 14,000 feet. The government of Pakistan refused the aircraft overflight permission to reach Afghanistan, and it was forced to land in Amritsar, India. Upon landing, Indian soldiers and commandos took up positions around the airliner as authorities began negotiating with the hijacker. Eleven hours after the incident began, and with the hijacker still refusing to surrender, commandos stormed the plane and killed the hijacker.Hit light pole during pushback; damaged beyond repair. The aircraft was last seen stored at ChateaurouxFlew into the side of Marz Mountain during descent.Crashed.The no. 1 engine was shut down at 400 feet following an engine fire warning and smoke in the cabin. A forced belly landing was made. The aircraft collided with trees and a fence.Soon after lift-off on the second takeoff, a no. 1 engine failure was simulated. The aircraft drifted to the left, but the co-pilot regained directional control. The aircraft then started to descent and struck the ground. The Jetstream was being used for a proficiency check flight for the co-pilot. An FAA inspector was aboard to observe the check pilot's ability to give profcheck flights.Soon after lift-off on the second takeoff, a no. 1 engine failure was simulated. The aircraft drifted to the left, but the co-pilot regained directional control. The aircraft then started to descent and struck the ground. The Jetstream was being used for a proficiency check flight for the co-pilot. An FAA inspector was aboard to observe the check pilot's ability to give profcheck flights.JAS Flight 451 was caught by windshear 8 seconds before touchdown on runway 02. The captain regained control in the last 3 seconds, but couldn't prevent a hard landing, followed by a 1860 m skid. The undercarriage and right wing, inboard of the rear spar, were damaged. Fuel spilled and the DC-9 caught fire.Ran off the runway when landing following an engine failure.Flight 102 departed Honolulu at 17:53 local time for a 7 hour flight to Dallas. The weather report received by the flight at 06:44 (15 minutes before landing) stated a.o.: ceiling 1400 feet overcast, 2,5 miles visibility, thunderstorms and rain showers. The flight was cleared for a runway 17L approach about 5 minutes later and the captain asked the approach controller for the best heading in order to avoid bad weather along the approach path. The crew were advised to turn right heading 220 deg and intercept the runway 17L localizer.Destroyed by fire.Four students from the Government Arts College of Lucknow hijacked an Indian Airlines Boeing 737 aircraft during a flight from Lucknow (LKO) to Delhi (DEL). The students claimed to have explosives strapped to their bodies. Their demands included the addition of new courses to the school's curriculum, withdrawalCrashed.Crashed.A Britten-Norman BN-2A Islander passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Great Barrier Island Airport (GBZ), New Zealand. The six occupants were not injured.Overran runway on landing in poor visibility (500-1000 m in fog). The aircraft sustained substantial damage.The windscreen possibly misted up on finals to runway 24. The pilot lost sight of the runway upon landing and the airplane veered to the left off the runway. It collided with two sheep, ran through the boundary fence and came to a halt against a pilot of rubble.The An-24 veered right during takeoff and ran into a 1,2 m high mound of packed snow. A 60 m wide part of the runway had been cleared from snow; mounds of snow along the cleared strip were hiding the runway lights and edge markings. The runway surface however was uneven with different thicknesses of packed snow.While descending for landing at Baton Rouge, the captain actively moved the power levers from the flight idle gate into the beta range for undetermined reasons. The propellers and engines experienced extreme overspeed, necessitating a power-off emergency landing at night and the airplane ran off the end of a 5,000-ft runway. Although the design and certification of the power levers met existing requirements, those requirements were inadequate because they permitted a design that did not prevent movement into the beta range in flight.The aircraft crashed when the wheels sank into the unpaved runway surface, which was soft following recent rain.Two men hijacked China East Airlines Flight 5513 shortly after it took off from Shanghai on a domestic flight to Hangzhou. One man got up and threatened to blow up the aircraft unless he was flown to Taiwan. Meanwhile, the other hijacker watched the passengers in order to prevent any attempt to stop the hijacking. Instead of flying to Taiwan, however, the aircraft was flown to Hanzhou's Jianqiao Airport. The two hijackers were arrested after leaving the plane, thinking they were in Taiwan. On March 11, one hijacker was sentenced to life in prison, while his accomplice was sentenced to ten years.KLM Flight 136 approached Schiphol after a flight from Toulouse. The rate of descend increased rapidly after crossing the runway 01R threshold prior to landing. The right main gear collapsed following a 'firm' touchdown. The landing was carried out with a relatively large crosswind component. No injuries among 5 crew and 71 passengers. Preliminary investigation results showed the landing gear automatically unlocked after the heavy touchdown.While circling to land on runway 26, the crew performed a non-typical circling procedure at a lower than published altitude, leading to loss of control consistent with an accelerated stall, and descended into terrain. Whiteout conditions may have contributed.The FMA IA 50 Guaraní II was landing at the Santa Elena Airstrip near Paraná, Argentine when the crew felt and heard a bang. The pilot carried out a go-around, but the main undercarriage stayed "in-transit" and the flaps retracted only partway. Meanwhile hydraulic pressure had fallen to zero. The pilot diverted back to his base at Paraná but, on touchdown, the main undercarriageAn Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 757 aircraft, en route from Dakar, Senegal, to Bamako, Mali, with 32 passengers and 11 crew members, was hijacked by a man armed with a knife. The hijacker, a former Ethiopian soldier, forced the aircraft to fly over Morocco and the Mediterranean Sea and land at Ciampino Airport in Rome, Italy. Upon landing, the hijacker surrendered after negotiating briefly with authorities. The hijacker stated that his motive was dissatisfaction with unemployment and politics in Ethiopia. No injuries were reported.The nosegear collapsed, causing the aircraft to be damaged beyond repair.A Douglas DC 3C, N907Z, operated as an air taxi cargo, slid off the snow/ice covered runway and struck VASI lights during an attempted takeoff at Anderson, Indiana. The airplane sustained substantial damage.Airbus 340 F-GNIA had been in service since June 27, 1993. After the completion of an A-check the aircraft was pulled from the maintenance hangar to the terminal at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. At that moment a fire broke out; the fire services were not able prevent the aircraft from being damaged beyond repair by the fire.A forced landing was carried out due to control difficulties following takeoff. The aircraft banked to the right, struck trees and crashed 7 minutes after takeoff near Antonovo.Fuel exhaustion; crashed.A PBY-5A Catalina had been acquired in 1993 and was to be ferried from the U.S. to the owners in New Zealand. The crew flew from Los Angeles International (LAX) to Hilo (ITO), Hawaii. They arrived at Hilo at 16:40 local, 13. January 1994. The next leg was from Hilo to Papeete/Taihiti (PPT)the next day.Hard landing at Bacau Airport (BCM), Romania following a weather-diversion from Iasi.Flight 6291 departed Washington-Dulles for a 90-minute flight to Columbus. At 23:10 Columbus Approach Control was contacted, advising the controller that the flight was descending through 13200 feet for 11000 feet. The crew were then assigned a 285 degree heading to intercept the ILS for runway 28L and was cleared for 10000 feet. An updated weather report was received five minutes later, reading a measured ceiling 800 feet overcast, visibility 2,5 miles in light snow and fog with wind 300 deg. at 4 knots. A runway 28L ILS approach clearance was given when the flight passed the SUMIE final approach fix. A clearance to land on 28L was given two minutes later. The aircraft was descending through ca 1250 feet msl (runway elevation 814 feet msl) when the stick shaker activated and sounded for 3 seconds and continued again after 1,5 seconds The aircraft continued to descend below the glide slope until it collided with a stand of trees in a high nose-up attitude, coming to rest upright in a commercial building, 1,2 miles short of the runway. The aircraft burst into flames.A 32-year-old Indian man attempted to hijack Indian Airlines Flight IC995 during a flight from Madras to Calicut. Fifteen minutes after takeoff, the man went to the restroom and then emerged shouting and claiming that he had a bomb. The hijacker's demands were somewhat incoherent but included references to an Indian ban on tobacco and alcohol sales and India's rejection of the international General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT). The hijacker never entered the cockpit. About 30 minutes after departure the no. 1 engine had to be shut down due to an increase in oil temperature. Height was lost and 30 minutes later the pilot had to carry out a forced landing in paddy fields.It took the crew 17 minutes to get all 3 engines to run. During the start-up of the centre no. 2 engine a spontaneous rotation of the engine's turbo compressor was noted twice. When all engines were started the "dangerous rotation of starter" warning light illuminated. The light wouldn't go out by using the starter turn off button. The operations manual didn't describe the actions to be taken in this situation and the crew thought the warning was false, thinking the starter could only spin during engine start-up. All engine parameters seemed normal and the aircraft departed for Moscow. While climbing through 4000 m no. 2 engine problems forced the crew to return to Irkutsk. A fuel-fed fire had erupted in the area of the no. 2 engine, causing damage to hydraulic lines and control surfaces. Control was lost and the aircraft crashed amongst farm buildings.Crashed.Landed nose wheel-first and bounced. The nosegear collapsed and the Antonov overran the runway by 600 m.China Eastern flight 583 had an inadvertent deployment of the leading edge wing slats while in cruise flight. The autopilot disconnected, and the captain was manually controlling the airplane when it progressed through several violent pitch oscillations and lost 5,000 feet of altitude. The captain regained stabilized flight, declared an emergency because of passenger injuries, and diverted to the US Air Force Base, Shemya, Alaska. Two passengers were fatally injured, and 149 passengers and 7 crewmembers received various injuries. The airplane did not receive external structural damage, but the passenger cabin was substantially damaged.TACA flight TA 510 departed San Salvador on a regular flight to Los Angeles (LAX). An intermediate stop was planned in Guatemala City (GUA).A China Southern Airlines Boeing 757 aircraft, with 187 passengers and 13 crew members, was hijacked during a domestic flight from Shenzhen (SZX) to Beijing (PEK). Two men armed with pistols and possessing cyanide pills entered the cockpit and demanded to be flown to Taiwan. The aircraft was diverted and landed at the military airfield located adjacent to Chiang Kai-Shek International Airport near Taipei. The hijackers subsequently surrendered, telling authorities that they committed the hijacking to escape communism and the inequalities of life in the PRC.Crashed 37 minutes after departing Caracas on a test flight following maintenance.JAL Flight 46E departed Anchorage about 12:24 local time. The flight release/weather package provided to the pilots by Evergreen operations contained a forecast for severe turbulence and indicated that severe turbulence was reported by other large airplanes. As flight 46E taxied onto the runway to await its takeoff clearance, the local controller informed "the flightcrew that the pilot of anotherIndian Airlines Flight 439, an Airbus A320 with 192 passengers and 11 crew, was hijacked during a domestic flight from Delhi (DEL) to Madras (MAA) via Hyderabad (HDD). A passenger, who claimed to have explosives strapped to his body, demanded to be flown to Lahore, Pakistan.The Air Force Boeing 737 had been inspected by Thai Airways for a reported pitch-trim fault. During the post-maintenance ferry flight the crew reported engine problems. Apparently the aircraft rolled and dived before it crashed near Muang Khon Kaen.An explosion occurred on the ground during cleaning of the no,2 fuel tank with a pneumatic wire brush. The left wing sustained substantial damage. One person on the ground was injured by the explosion.An explosion occurred on the ground during cleaning of the no,2 fuel tank with a pneumatic wire brush. The left wing sustained substantial damage. One person on the ground was injured by the explosion.The F-27 strayed off course and a precautionary landing had to be made due to fuel exhaustion. The aircraft collided with trees on rollout. The left wing broke off and the gear collapsed.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, LN-TSA, was destroyed when it crashed on approach to Geilo-Dagali Airport (DLD), Norway in poor weather. Three occupants were killed, seven survived. It crashed into a hillside and plowed through 70 meters of fur trees before hitting the ground and rotating 180 degrees post impact. The fuselage was completely obliterated from the nose to the cockpit wall, both wings and tail fin broke off. Entered a steep dive and crashed after takeoff.Caught fire while parked.An Ethiopian Airlines ATR-42 aircraft en route from Gambela (GMB) to Addis Ababa (ADD) was hijacked by three men and a woman who demanded to be taken to Djibouti. The aircraft, carrying over thirty passengers and four crew members, was forced to land in Dire Dawa to refuel.A McDonnell Douglas DC-9-31, N978Z, experienced a loss of directional control during an attempted touch and go landing on runway 30R (9,003' X 200' dry/concrete) at Saint Louis-Lambert Field, Missouri. The airplane exited the runway to the left and sustained substantial damage when the left wing impacted the runway and the nose gear collapsed. The airplane was being operated on a training flight at the time of the accident. Neither pilot reported any injuries. The no. 2 engine backfired just after V1 on takeoff. The pilot aborted takeoff and the DC-6 overran the 1500 m grass runway. The engine caught fire and destroyed the aircraft.The nosegear struck an ice ridge while taking off from a frozen river. The Twin Otter then struck the river bank with the right main gear leg and ground looped.At 09:40 the Fokker 100 jet arrived at Skopje (SKP) after a flight from Frankfurt (FRA). At 11:06 taxi clearance was given to Flight 301 to Zürich (ZRH)Uncontained no. 1 engine failure immediately after lifting off the runway. The aircraft crashed.Struck the sea while approaching Orchid Island in heavy rain.Undershot runway on approach; landed on water. The aircraft was repaired.While awaiting takeoff from Rzeszów Airport (RZE), LOT Flight 702 to Warsaw was boarded by an individual who tried to enter the flight deck and threatened to detonate a hand grenade. There were 30 passengers and crew on board the ATR-72 aircraft. The individual was shot in the abdomen by Polish security force members and was hospitalized. No hand grenades or other weapons were found, and there were no other injuries.One hijacker, accompanied by his wife and child, demanded to be taken to the USA. A refueling stop was made in Tallinn, where 30 passengers were released. The aircraft was then flown to Stockholm where the hijacker demanded a larger plane to be flown to the U.S. After releasing another 12 passengers the hijacker surrendered.Crashed into a field while returning to the airfield due to an engine fire.A 24-year old armed male Haitian commandeered a Missionary Flight International DC-3 aircraft as it prepared for a scheduled flight to West Palm Beach,Ran off the runway following a no. 4 engine failure on takeoff.Crashed near Ankara; Gendarmerie General Commander Esref Bitlis was killed in the accident.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Mid-air collision between a Tu-154 (departing from runway 29R) and an Iranian Air Force Sukhoi SU-24 (on VFR approach to runway 29L).The Lockheed engineering testbed was used to evaluate the fly-by-wire rudder actuator and the ground minimum control speed (VMCG). During the final high-speed ground test-run, the aircraft accidentally veered left and became airborne. The Hercules climbed to 250 feet and crashed.The Lockheed engineering testbed was used to evaluate the fly-by-wire rudder actuator and the ground minimum control speed (VMCG). During the final high-speed ground test-run, the aircraft accidentally veered left and became airborne. The Hercules climbed to 250 feet and crashed.The Skyvan aircraft disappeared over mountainous terrain whilst en route between Medan and Banda Aceh, Indonesia. The last position report was when the pilot reported being at 8500 ft, 67 nautical miles (124 km) from Medan.The crew had to divert to Recife when the Boeing suffered a hydraulics failure. The landing gear was extended manually , but collapsed on landing.Crashed in snow and ended up inverted.Crashed out of control into the jungle during a night-time cargo flight.Crashed out of control into the jungle during a night-time cargo flight.Damaged beyond repair during a U.S.-led cruise-missile attack that was executed against parts of the Iraqi regime security structures.A passenger aboard domestic Korean Air Flight KE388 from Mokpo (MPK) to Seoul (SEL) threatened to blow up the aircraft, forcing it to make an emergency landing in Kwangju. Approximately 20 minutes into the flight, a male Korean passenger in his mid-50s suddenly put on a mask, said that he had explosives,Damaged beyond repair in landing accident.An Indian Airlines flight en route from Lucknow (LKO), to Delhi (DEL) was hijacked by an Indian male who threatened to blow up the aircraft with what he claimed to be a "chemical bomb." The aircraft returned to Lucknow, where authorities negotiated with the hijacker for the release of the 48 passengers and five crew members. The hijacker demanded the release of Hindu activists arrested after the Muslim-Hindu rioting in December 1992 and further directed that a Hindu temple be built on the site of the 16th century mosque that was razed at Ayodhya. The hijacker surrendered to authorities after brief negotiations. The passengers and crew were released unharmed. The "bomb" was discovered to be two balls of twine covered with flowers.The pilot started the take-off run before all skydivers were seated. Some skydivers were thrown into the back of the aircraft, causing the centre of gravity to move beyond the rear limit. The aircraft stalled and crash-landed, suffering substantial damage. The pilot and all 10 skydivers escaped unhurt.The main landing gear collapsed. Severe damage on the propeller.The no. 1 engine failed on approach; the prop was feathered and the approach continued without informing ATC. At 60 m altitude, 400 m short of the runway, the Antonov veered left and ATC instructed the crew to go-around. Power was added to the remaining no. 2 engine, but the aircraft kept descending until striking the ground 162 m short of the runway, 477 m left of the extended centreline. The aircraft slid onto a ramp and struck a military Antonov 24.The aircraft undershot runway 21 by 30 m after an ILS approach, causing the main gear to collapse.Bank angle increased to 90deg while climbing through 800 feet in a left turn. The nose pitched down and the aircraft descended rapidly.A descent from 2400 feet to 1000 feet was initiated when weather deteriorated. The Bandeirante struck a hill in fog and strong winds.A descent from 2400 feet to 1000 feet was initiated when weather deteriorated. The Bandeirante struck a hill in fog and strong winds.Reportedly damaged beyond repair at Quebec City, QC.Because of a pilot strike at Indian Airlines, a Tupolev 154 plane and crew were leased from Uzbekistan Airways. The Tupolev was operating flight IC840 from Hyderabad to Delhi. Visibility was poor at Delhi when the airplane approached runway 28. The aircraft touched down slightly outside the right edge of the runway, collided with some fixed installations on the ground, got airborne again and finally touched down on kutcha ground on the right side of the runway. At this stage the right wing and the tail of the aircraft broke away and it came to rest in an inverted position.Returned to the airport following no. 2 engine problems. The aircraft crashed in a swamp, broke in two and caught fire.Crashed into high ground.A de Havilland Canada DHC-8-311 passenger plane, D-BEAT, was damaged beyond repair in an accident near Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG), France. Four passengers were killed in the accident.While on approach to Hibbing runway 31 in poor weather (500 feet ceiling, fog, freezing drizzle) the first officer asked the captain if he wanted to activate wing de-icing, but the captain stated he would deice them on the ground. While over the runway threshold, the sink rate increased. Back pressure on the yoke was applied until the stall warning horn sounded. The Saab touched down hard, causing the right main gear to collapse. The fuel tank ruptured and the right wing rear spar bent upward.After a flight from Mitu, the C-46 arrived near Villavicencio at about 16:30 LT. The crew were cleared for a circling approach to runway 04. Weather was poor at the time of the approach. There was heavy rain with a visibility of 1000 m. After passing the Missed Approach Point the crew did not see the runway and began to manoeuvre in the area in order to obtain visual contact with the runway. The airplane wandered over mountainous terrain until it struck the side of a hill and crashed.A Lockheed L-100-30 Hercules transport plane, operated by Pelita Air Services, was damaged in a forced landing with the right hand main gear retracted.A Cessna 550 Citation II, N26496, received substantial damage when it struck an arresting cable on takeoff roll at Comayagua-Palmerola Air Base (XPL), Honduras. The crew selected the frequency of the QMS VOR instead of the QIT VOR when trying to carry out the QIT VOR instrument approach procedure. This took the aircraft over the mountainous area 12 miles South of the planned track. The Gulfstream struck the Sincholagua Volcano at FL160.Crashed and burned shortly after takeoff. The airplane was departing on a survey flight over the Ural River.An Aviocar 200 passenger plane, operated by Merpati Nusantara Airlines, sustained damage during a landing accident at Naha Airport (NAH), Indonesia.Approaching Sioux Lookout runway 16 after a flight from Red Lake the Metro collided with a Piper PA-31-350 Navajo Chieftain (C-GYPZ) operated by Air Sandy. The Piper aircraft had just taken off from Sioux Lookout runway 34 and was climbing through 4500 feet on its way to Red Lake when its right wing collided with the Metro's right wing. The accident happened in daylight (13:30 LT) with a visibility >15 miles and a 8000 feet cloud base.When descending through 3000 feet towards Palaly AFB after a flight from Anuradhapura, the HS-748 was shot down with a SAM missile by Tamil separatists. After a cargo flight from Miami (Flight 705) the DC-8 landed at Guatemala City-La Aurora runway 19 in light rain. The aircraft overran the runway, collided with approach lights, a perimeter fence and went down a steep slope and ended up in a residential area.The aircraft, operating on a flight for the Sri Lankan Air Force to Colombo, took off from Palaly AFB in heavy rain. On climbout the no. 2 engine caught fire and the crew had to return. On final approach (200 m short of the runway) the right wing failed and the aircraft crashed. Reports say the engine caught fire after being hit by a SAM missile fired by Tamil separatists.The aircraft was on a scheduled freight service from Darwin via Tindal, Alice Springs, and Adelaide to Sydney. The flight from Darwin to Tindal was apparently normal, and the aircraft departed Tindal slightly ahead of schedule at 18:34 CST. On descent into Alice Springs, the crew advised on the MTAF frequency its intention to conduct a twin locator (Locator/NDB) approach to runway 12.The Citation landed short of the runway in the overrun zone, went off the right side of the runway and collided with a tree. The right wing separated, the airplane caught fire, and slid about 300 feet before coming to a complete stop.The Citation landed short of the runway in the overrun zone, went off the right side of the runway and collided with a tree. The right wing separated, the airplane caught fire, and slid about 300 feet before coming to a complete stop.A Canadair CC-144A Challenger 601 jet was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Halifax-Canadian Forces Base Shearwater, NS (YAW) in Canada. The aircraft was operated by the Canadian Armed Forces on a crew training flight.The Cessna stalled and collided with trees about 2,500 feet short of the runway, and came to rest on a perimeter road about 1,200 feet short of the runway. The copilot informed the pilot on base turn that they had a difference in their altimeters.The F-27 was destroyed when a Bristow DHC-6 Twin Otter (5N-AJQ) ran into the aircraft. Crashed into mountain.Crashed into mountain.Crashed.The C-54 airplane was hauling fuel oil to be distributed at Kivalina, AK. Prior to departure from Galena (GAL) the pilot read a NOTAM for Kivalina that the runway had thin, packed snow on it. The pilot reported he flew over the 3,000 ft long by 60 ft wide strip prior to landing, and noted in the center of the runway some gravel was visible through a layer of surrounding snow. He could not see any snow banks or deeper snow in the landing area, and available notices to airmen did not mention any snow banks or snow berms on the runway. The airplane landed near the threshold and on the center line, but, the left main landing gear soon encountered a snow berm and the airplane was pulled to the left. The airplane subsequently impacted other snow berms on the left side of the runway and the nose landing gear collapsed.Tyre failure after departure from Cuzco. The crew decided to continue to Lima but the left main gear would not extend. A landing was performed with this landing gear leg retracted.Tyre failure after departure from Cuzco. The crew decided to continue to Lima but the left main gear would not extend. A landing was performed with this landing gear leg retracted.The AMI DC-3T, a turboprop conversion of the DC-3, was damaged beyond repair in an accident. Both pilots are said to have died in the accident.A Boeing 737-4Y0, EI-CEU, was substantially damaged during landing at Denver, Colorado. There were no injuries to the 141 passengers, 4 cabin attendants, and two cockpit crewmembers aboard. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed.Landing at Dzhambul in severe crosswind conditions the aircraft ran off the left side of the runway, The Yakovlev struck a concrete pit cover, causing the right main gear to collapse. It appeared that the an electrical cable, part of the nosegear steering mechanism, had failed prior to landing.The pilot lost directional control during takeoff from Tyugalbuga. The An-2 collided with an obstacle and nosed over. All occupants escaped unhurt.Landed gear-up at Lae-Nadzab Airport, Papua New Guinea (LAE).De Caravan carried out a local flight out of Luziânia Airport. Four co-pilots and one inspector were carrying out a check flight. While conducting a simulated engine failure, the airplane carried out a short approach. It landed hard short of the runway.Damaged beyond repair on hard landing. Flight originated from Las Americas Airport.A Convair CV-580 cargo plane was destroyed in a takeoff accident at Espinal-Aguablanca Agricultural Airstrip, Colombia. All four crew members survived the accident.Crashed on a tree covered slope.After a fuel stop at Palana (on a flight from Petropavlovsk to Ust-Pakhachi) the aircraft tried to takeoff again. Because the crew tried to takeoff with the brakes applied, the An-26 didn't become airborne and overran the runway by 410 m.Crashed shortly after takeoff.Crashed.Flight RO-371 was a scheduled passenger service from Bucharest's Otopeni Airport (OTP) in Romania to Brussel (BRU), Belgium. On board were 49 passengers and eleven crew members. The first officer was pilot flying, the captain was pilot monitoring.During the landing roll at Bunia, the no. 1 or no. 2 engine caught fire. The crew members were not able to contain the fire with the onboard fire extinguishers; the An-12 burned out.A Fokker F-28-4000 passenger plane sustained damage when it overran runway 11 at Bandung-Husein Sastranegara Airport (BDO), Indonesia, following an aborted takeoff.The propeller on the no. 4 engine separated during the descent into Masirah. The engine caught fire and subsequently the no. 3 engine's rpm decreased. The no. 3 engine was shut down. Simultaneously both no. 1 and 2 engines flamed out, resulting in a total electrical power loss. At about 2,500 feet, the pilot was able to control the aircraft again. The crew then ditched the plane.During a VFR takeoff from Lac Bondésir, the left ski hit a piece of ice. The left ski collapsed and the aircraft came to a halt.Approaching Reno (RNO), the pilot received an instrument clearance to perform a Localizer DME-1, runway 16R, approach, which the FAA had previously approved for the operator's use. The localizer centreline passed over a 6,161-foot (1885 m) msl mountain, which was depicted on the chart. The pilot was familiar with the area, having transported cargo from Sacramento to Reno for 5 days each week since December, 1994. IMC existed and light snow showers were present. ATC issued the pilot a series of instructions as he was radar vectored toward the final approach fix (FAF), which had a minimum crossing altitude of 6,700 feet (2050 m) msl. The pilot misstated four of the instructions during clearance read backs and was corrected by ATC each time. Contact with the pilot was lost following issuance of his landing clearance. The airplane impacted the mountainside at an elevation of about 6,050 feet (1851 m), while tracking inbound near the centreline of the localizer course, about 2.7 nautical miles before reaching the FAF.A Transmile Cessna Grand Caravan plane carrying about 400 kg of fish and other cargo crashed on takeoff from runway 17 at the Tawau Airport (TWU).Took off from Fort Lauderdale at 10:20 for a flight on behalf of the Metro Nord Travel Club to Cap Haitien.An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 737 aircraft on a domestic flight from Addis Ababa to Bahar Dar was hijacked to Sudan by five men. The plane landed in El Obeid to refuel and to repair mechanical problems. Sudanese officials refused to refuel the aircraft, however, and the hijackers allowed five passengers to deplane. The hijackers had initially demanded to fly to Libya, but in Sudan they changed their intended destination to Sweden. After several hours of negotiations and with temperatures rising inside the aircraft from the hot weather, the hijackers peacefully surrendered to the authorities. There were no injuries from the incident. The hijackers had no political motives, and their only apparent objective was to leave the country.Burnt out after short-circuit in rear toilet.The aircraft departed from Oakland for a ferry flight to Auckland via Hawaii. Whilst flying at FL120, 740 km NE from Honolulu, the crew experienced fuel transfer problems and declared an emergency. Some 325 km out of Honolulu, at 05:15 PST, the crew was forced to ditch the aircraft.After a flight from Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, the aircraft flew into a 376 m hill on the base leg of an approach to Ossora. Weather: light snow, visibility 10 km, cloud base 500 m.The four-engined Antonov cargo plane flying from Yerevan to Turkmanbashi at 9100 m, had to divert to Baku due to fuel shortage.Crashed.A Lockheed L-1011, N724DA, operating Delta Air Lines flight DL189, experienced an on-ground collision during pushback at the San Juan-Luis Munoz Marin International Airport, Puerto Rico, with a Shorts 360, N376MQ. The Shorts operated American Eagle flight 5539. A Lockheed L-1011, N724DA, operating Delta Air Lines flight DL189, experienced an on-ground collision during pushback at the San Juan-Luis Munoz Marin International Airport, Puerto Rico, with a Shorts 360, N376MQ. The Shorts operated American Eagle flight 5539. The aircraft arriving from Mingan, hit a break of ice while landing on a frozen lake. The three persons on board were not injured. The skis were torn off and the propellers and nose were damaged.A Beechcraft 1900C, N130UE, operated as United Express Flight 6048, collided with an untended baggage cart and step stool while taxiing to parking at the Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport, Minnesota. The airplane received substantial damage as a result of the collision. The two flight crew members and 16 passengers on board the airplane reported no injuries. Night visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident.Entered a high sinkrate during an unstabilized final approach when the captain failed to retract the spoilers. The aircraft touched down short of the runway and the left main landing gear separated shortly thereafter.Entered a high sinkrate during an unstabilized final approach when the captain failed to retract the spoilers. The aircraft touched down short of the runway and the left main landing gear separated shortly thereafter.The Mitsubishi MU-300 Diamond business jet was on an instrument flight rules (IFR) flight from Williams Lake Airport, BC (YWL), to Jasper-Hinton Airport, AB (YJP). There were two pilots and two passengers on board. Prior to issuing the descent clearance from FL270, the Edmonton Area Control Centre (ACC) advised the crew of the Jasper townsite, Alberta, weather. The winds were reported as calm. The crew cancelled the IFR during the descent and continued for a visual approach and landing to runway 02 at the Jasper-Hinton Airport. During the approach, the crew encountered moderate turbulence on short final. The captain increased the reference airspeed (Vref) from 105 to 115 knots to allow for subsiding air and airspeed fluctuations. The crew noted that the wind sock for runway 02 was fully extended and was varying in direction frequently. They elected to continue the approach and landing on runway 02. Power was reduced to idle at 50 feet. The aircraft touched down at about 1,000 feet down the runway. During the landing roll, the captain first applied maximum braking and then, when he determined that the aircraft would not come to a stop in the remaining runway distance available, he initiated commanded swerving to assist in stopping the aircraft; the aircraft skidded to a position 255 feet off the end of the runway. The aircraft sustained substantial damage; however, the occupants were uninjured.The flight was executing the non-precision NDB approach to runway 04 at Gainesville (GVL), had reported procedure turn inbound, and was cleared to change to advisory frequency. Witnesses observed the airplane descend out of the base of the overcast clouds in a 10 degree nose down, 45 degree left wing down attitude. the airplane impacted terrain SSE of the airport. Witnesses in the area reported that the weather was ceilings of about 100 feet and visibility of about 500 feet in light rain and fog. The minimum descent altitude for the approach is 465 feet agl.Flying boat capsized on landing.Flying boat capsized on landing.An oxygen leak at the oxygen system pressure reducer-regulator assembly resulted in a crew compartment fire when the first officer was conducting cabin checks.At 20:21 LT the DC-8 prepared to takeoff from RWY 01L for a flight to Westover AFB with the no. 1 engine inoperative. But the aircraft lost directional control and the crew aborted the takeoff. Six minutes afterwards they attempted to takeoff for the second time. Touched down fast 2,304 feet from the approach end of the runway, which was 4,000 feet long. Overran and came to rest after crossing a drainage ditch about 200 feet from the end of runway 18.The Antonov 70 prototype took off from Gostomel with an Antonov 72 as its chase-plane. Whilst flying at 3200 m the An-70 lost altitude causing the tail to collide with the An-72's fuselage and its propfan. The An-70 crashed.The Antonov 70 prototype took off from Gostomel with an Antonov 72 as its chase-plane. Whilst flying at 3200 m the An-70 lost altitude causing the tail to collide with the An-72's fuselage and its propfan. The An-70 crashed.Crashed and burned.Whilst applying brakes when approaching a right turn, the Y-12 suddenly veered 90° to the left. The aircraft entered a parking area between Terminal 1 and 2 and collided with a Dornier Do-228 (Pelangi, 9M-PEL). The no. 1 propeller cut into the nose of the parked Pelangi Air commuter aircraft.Whilst applying brakes when approaching a right turn, the Y-12 suddenly veered 90° to the left. The aircraft entered a parking area between Terminal 1 and 2 and collided with a Dornier Do-228 (Pelangi, 9M-PEL). The no. 1 propeller cut into the nose of the parked Pelangi Air commuter aircraft.Boeing 737 PP-SMV departed Sao Paulo-Guarulhos (GRU) for a flight to Buenos Aires (EZE). Following flap retraction the no. 3 flap 'in transit' light remained on. They tried to recycle the flaps and at the same time the 'A' hydraulic system suffered a loss of pressure. Also, the thrust lever for engine no.2 could not be moved, keeping the no.2 engine at 2.11 EPR. An emergency return was made and the aircraft touched down on runway 09L at 185 knots, flaps at 15deg. The 737 overran the runway by 200 m and came to rest following a collapse of the nosegear and right hand main gear. It appeared that the no. 3 leading edge flap actuator attachment fitting on the wing front spar had fractured due to corrosion. The actuator came away and caused the failure of some hydraulic lines and damage to the thrust control cables. Some 1981 Boeing Service Bulletins had not been complied with. One of these included the replacement of the aluminium leading edge flap actuator attachment fitting with a steel one; this had not been done.The captain briefly selected maximum reverse thrust during the landing flare. The aircraft landed hard (+4,5g) some 5 metres short of the runway. The Antonov bounced and touched down on the runway. The right hand main gear leg gradually collapsed during rollout.Collided on the ground with an Antonov 12; damaged beyond repair.After a flight from Penghu Island the ATR-72 crashed into a hillside at 19:43 LT. The aircraft was flying at an altitude of 300 m. The altitude should have been 640-770 m.After a flight from Penghu Island the ATR-72 crashed into a hillside at 19:43 LT. The aircraft was flying at an altitude of 300 m. The altitude should have been 640-770 m.A Boeing 747-238B airplane, N706CK, operated by American International Airways, sustained substantial damage to the aft pressure bulkhead when cargo pallets shifted during takeoff from the Willow Run Airport, Michigan. Three crew members and a mechanic onboard the airplane reported no injuries. The repositioning flight landed uneventfully at the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport approximately 19:30.The Beechcraft 200 Super King Air had just landed at Cafunfo Airport (CFF), Angola, when the airport was struck by shells fired by UNITA rebels.The crew of the Antonov, leased from Kazakhstan Airlines, aborted the takeoff at 180 km/h. After overrunning the runway it collided with trees.While attempting to land on an ice strip, the pilot of a Britten Norman Islander, misjudged his height above the ice and touched down short of the strip. The right landing gear struck a snow bank and collapsed, causing substantial damage. The pilot indicated that he had a hard time judging his height above the strip because of the glare from the sun.The aircraft overran the runway on landing and collided with the concrete airport boundary fence, 870 m beyond the runway end.Struck trees during a go-around and crashed.About 1300 m short of the runway, just after passing the Outer Marker, the left engine went into reverse, causing the left wing to struck the ground. The aircraft, on a delivery flight to Honduras, crashed on a frozen lake.About 1300 m short of the runway, just after passing the Outer Marker, the left engine went into reverse, causing the left wing to struck the ground. The aircraft, on a delivery flight to Honduras, crashed on a frozen lake.At 19:13 the Let took off from Krasnoyarsk runway 30, weighing approx. 250 kg above the MTOW. Some 650 m beyond the end of the runway, and 450 m to the right of the extended centreline, the aircraft clipped some trees and crashed. It appeared that the no. 2 engine had been feathered after takeoff; possibly due to fuel contamination.Massive ingestion of birds on takeoff from runway 25 caused the uncontained failure of the no. 1 engine. Fuel lines were severed and a fire erupted in the rear of the cabin and control was lost while trying to carry out an emergency landing.On January 18, just after midnight a light rain started falling on the ramp at Lubbock (LBB) where the airplane N9461R was parked. The temperature was dropping steadily. By 05:19 the precipitation had turned to light rain, light snow, and fog. By 06:25 the rain stopped, and the light snow and fog continued until after the accident.Crash-landed when it attempted to land on a closed runway.At 13:59 LT flight RA133 to Rumjatar took off from Kathmandu's RWY 20. After 1250 m of runway and 250 m clearway, the Twin Otter still hadn't become airborne. After striking the airfield perimeter fence, the aircraft plunged into some fields.Shot down by rebel forces.While in climb between 100 and 1,500 feet the copilot went aft to check on the cargo. An observer passenger observed the copilot approach the aft cargo door and manipulate the handle. The door opened and the copilot fell to his death.While in climb between 100 and 1,500 feet the copilot went aft to check on the cargo. An observer passenger observed the copilot approach the aft cargo door and manipulate the handle. The door opened and the copilot fell to his death.On landing, the crew of the Yak-40 steered the aircraft off the right side of the 1600 m snow-covered runway. The aircraft travelled 245 m before colliding with the airport fence.The pilot reported to ATC he had the airport in sight from 7,000 feet msl more than 30 miles (48 km) away. A weather reporting station located 5 miles (8 km) east of the accident site was reporting two cloud layers; a scattered layer at 1,500 feet agl, and a broken layer at 5,000 feet agl. The airplane was descending after the pilot was cleared for a visual approach. The airplane collided with a tree and the ground in a wings level attitude at an elevation of 1,500 feet msl.The Cessna 550 Citation S/II, N287MC, touched down with the left main landing gear off the left side of runway 32 (5,599' X 100' dry/asphalt) at Newton, Iowa, following an ILS approach. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The nose landing gear collapsed and the airplane sustained substantial damage. The crew of two and four passengers reported no injuries.The crew most likely conducted the runway 12 instrument approach to Masset with reference to an unintentionally mis-set altimeter of 30.17 in. Hg, and unknowingly flew the aircraft into the water. The aircraft was on a medevac flight from Vancouver.Prior to departure from Flagstaff (FLG), the airplane was refuelled with 40 gals of jet A (20 gals per tank), which increased the total fuel load to 148 gallons. The aircraft took off from runway 21. Shortly after takeoff the pilot radioed that he was coming back, during which the background sound of the "fuel selector off" warning horn was heard. The Caravan was seen to enter a shallow left bank below the clouds as it descended into trees.A Douglas DC-9-14 passenger plane, HK-3839X, was destroyed in an accident near Maria La Baja, Colombia. All five crew members and 46 passengers were killed. Just one of the passengers, a nine year old girl, surived.The Twin Otter "Sangihe" went missing in bad weather whilst operating on a flight (MZ 6715) from Bima to Ruteng. The aircraft is believed to have crashed into the sea.A Fokker 50 passenger plane, LN-BBA, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident at Ålesund-Vigra Airport (AES), Norway. There were no serious injuries among the 35 passengers and three crew members.The JetStar operated on a flight from Kish Island to Tehran via Isfahan. The flight departed Isfahan at 20:40 following a two-hour stopover. At an altitude of 2,000 feet the pilot noticed a sharp drop in cabin pressure and made preparations for an emergency landing back at Isfahan. The airplane crashed, killing all aboard, including Air Force Commander General Mansour Sattari.A Sudan Airways Fokker aircraft was hijacked during a domestic flight between Khartoum to Merowe, Sudan. Two hijackers, a man and a woman, demanded Directional control lost on takeoff. The Twin Otter ran off the runway onto a soft grass area. The nosegear collapsed. Reported damaged beyond repair by TPAPL.When landing in bad weather the Boeing 737 "Lac Tumba" touched down heavily. The crew lost control and the aircraft ran off the side of the runway. This resulted in a NLG collapse; both engines struck the ground and were torn away.The crew turned onto final too early and deviated 3 km to the right of the intended track. The aircraft crashed into a 100 m high mountain.During the departure climb from runway 18, the airplane experienced a loss of engine power. Emergency procedures were executed and a forced landing was initiated to a field. While on the approach the pilot observed a ditch running across the proposed landing pathway and turned the airplane to the right to parallel the ditch. During the landing roll, the pilot attempted to avoid a building by intentionally ground looping the airplane. During this avoidance maneuver, the left wing struck the building.The DC-3 was on a training flight when, at initial climb the co-pilot called for METO (maximum except takeoff) power. After the pilot-in-command set METO power, the left engine lost power. and the PIC took over control and called for the co-pilot to feather the no. 1 propeller, but the co-pilot didn't hear this call Crashed after striking a radio antenna.The pilot had levelled the aircraft and configured it for cruise flight at approximately 2,500 feet above sea level when the pilot heard a popping sound and noted a slight loss of engine power, and wisps of whitish-grey smoke entered the cabin. The aircraft instruments indicated normal engine operation, and the fire warning system did not activate. The pilot suspected that the engine had suffered a cylinder failure and turned to return to Cochenour. A passenger seated in the right front crewThe Skyvan was hired for Para dropping purposes at Hoogeveen. In order to carry the maximum number of paras, a calculation was made prior to every flight in order to establish the acceptable minimum amount of fuel for the flight. During the 6th flight that day both engines quit while climbing. All paras were ordered to jump immediately. Thinking they had an engine failure, the crew tried to light one engine, but didn't succeed. A forced landing was carried out in a potato-field 500 m short of Hoogeveen Airport.Crashed.Destroyed by fire.Crashed on takeoff. Earlier that day the Ilyushin had hit an electricity pole on takeoff from Cairo. Repairs took 7 hours before the aircraft could continue to Kinshasa.The aircraft took off from São Paulo for a training flight (prof check) with landings in Uberaba Airport, MG (UBA) and Ribeirão Preto, SP (RAO). The copilot was Pilot Flying (PF) as the Learjet approached Ribeirão Preto. A single engine approach with a touch and go at the airport was planned. After touchdown the no. 1 engine power lever remained in the idle position. The captain took over control and attempted to take off as he judged it impossible to stop on the remaining runway. The airplane contacted the ground again 92 meters after the runway end. The captain attempted to rotate again, but the airplane struck a truck, crashed and caught fire. One occupant of the truck sustained fatal injuries.Ground fire; damaged beyond repair.The aircraft was damaged beyond repair while being operated into an airstrip at which repair work was in progress and the persons responsible for the airstrip had failed to notify the aircraft operator that work was in progress.Crashed.The Islander had operated on an ambulance flight to Inverness and was ferried back to its base at Tingwall Airport. The pilot manoeuvred the airplane for an approach to runway 02. While turning to finals the aircraft was blown through the centerline, forcing the pilot to abandon the approach. He climbed to 550 feet and positioned the airplane for another approach. For this second attempt the pilot extended the downwind leg by approximately 800 metres before turning towards the airfield. A rapid turn to finals with a steep bank angle was performed during which the aircraft descended. In a right wing low attitude of some 70°and a nose low attitude of approximately 20° the aircraft collided with grass covered gently rising terrain, 1,5 km South of the runway. Its groundspeedTakeoff accident.When the captain suffered a renal colic and was distracted from piloting, the aircraft collided with a high-voltage power-line near Gorkaya Balka, crashed and burnt out, both pilots killed.A Boeing 727-286 operated by Iran Air was destroyed in an accident during a training flight.A Boeing 727-286 operated by Iran Air was destroyed in an accident during a training flight.During landing at Kanpur, the aircraft touched down late and could not be stopped within the available runway length and went beyond the runway. The aircraft hit the boundary wall of the airport and came to halt. The aircraft sustained major damages. There was no fire and no injury to persons on board the aircraft.The Dash 8 was passing 4,800 feet on descent to Broome at 243 knots indicated air speed when it struck a wedge-tailed eagle. The bird impacted the leading edge at the root of the left wing. The wing-to-fuselage fairing was punctured and the forward wing spar and the electrical components attached to the spar were damaged. The left engine instrumentation failed and the master caution panel indicated multiple systems failures. The crew shut down the left engine 2 minutes and 9 seconds after the bird strike when the aircraft was passing through 1,860 feet at a speed of 220 knots. The left main landing gear unsafe warning light illuminated when the landing gear was extended. The crew discontinued the landing approach and elected to hold between 5 NM and 10 NM north-west of the aerodrome while they checked the aircraft systems. Thirty-seven minutes after the bird strike, the aircraft was landed on runway 10. During theThe Metro II landed with the nose gear still in the retracted position.Cabin fire on ground; the Airbus burned out.Aircraft was stolen and crashed on takeoff from Treasure Cay Airport, Bahamas (TCB).Damaged beyond repair on landing.The DC-9 had strayed some 300 miles off course on a flight from Orlando to Cancun. Because the aircraft was low on fuel, the crew chose to divert to Tampico. But when the aircraft was 65 miles out of Tampico, both engines flamed out. When on finals for runway 31, the gear was lowered. The sudden drag caused higher rate of descent and resulted in the aircraft touching down 300 m short of the runway. The nosegear and right main gear collapsed when the aircraft struck concrete plinths of the approach lights.The DC-9 had strayed some 300 miles off course on a flight from Orlando to Cancun. Because the aircraft was low on fuel, the crew chose to divert to Tampico. But when the aircraft was 65 miles out of Tampico, both engines flamed out. When on finals for runway 31, the gear was lowered. The sudden drag caused higher rate of descent and resulted in the aircraft touching down 300 m short of the runway. The nosegear and right main gear collapsed when the aircraft struck concrete plinths of the approach lights.The Islander lost airspeed as the pilot flew into a valley over rising terrain. He attempted to make a 180 degree turn but the wing touched some trees and the airplane crashed into the trees.The Islander lost airspeed as the pilot flew into a valley over rising terrain. He attempted to make a 180 degree turn but the wing touched some trees and the airplane crashed into the trees.ValuJet Flight 592 was a scheduled flight from Miami (MIA) to Atlanta (ATL). The inbound flight had been delayed and arrived at Miami at 13:10. Flight 592 had been scheduled to depart at 13:00. The cruising altitude was to be flight level 350 with an estimated time en route of 1 hour 32 minutes. The DC-9 was loaded with 4,109 pounds of cargo (baggage, mail, and company-owned material (COMAT)). The COMAT consisted of two main tires and wheels, a nose tire and wheel, and five boxes that were described as "Oxy Cannisters -‘Empty.’" This cargo was loaded in the forward cargo compartment. Crashed into a hill while trying to land on a mine airstrip in gusty winds and turbulence.Landed on a frozen lake. On rollout one of the landing skis hit a snowbank, causing the gear to collapse.After a number of failed approaches to Khartoum due to bad weather (sandstorm), the aircraft tried to make a forced landing in the Northeastern suburb of Haj Yousif. On landing, the aircraft struck a building and crashed.A Swearingen Metro III, operated by Penair, dragged a wing and landed hard while attempting to land on runway 11 at the St. George Airport, Alaska. The hard landing collapsed the right main landing gear and nose landing gear. The takeoff in rainy weather was aborted below V1 (120 kts), but the Boeing overshot the runway (runway 35), struck the ILS installation, went down a slope and crossed a road between some houses. The gross weight of the Boeing was 69620 kg, about 9700 kg more than the allowed gross weight for these conditions. The crew had been told by their company that MTOW was 70000 kg.When landing in rain on the grass strip (3500 feet long), the aircraft overran. It ran across some ditches, causing the nosegear to collapse.On 24 April 1996 at 04:18 hours the aircraft took off from Dar es salaam International Airport on a charter flight to Tabora via Morogoro. The pilot was the only occupant. The estimated time of arrival at Morogoro was 04:49 hours. 5H-TZD maintained communications with the Dar es Salaam Tower and was cleared to flight Level 60 to the TMA boundary. At 04:40 hours 5H-TZD advised that he was estimating TMA at 04:41 hours at FL60. The estimate for Morogoro was revised to 04:51 hours and was to call on "top of descent". No further transmission was heard from the aircraft.Flight to Manila carrying 8 crates of gold. Did not become airborne and crashed into a plantation and broke in three.The An-2 experienced difficulties in becoming airborne on takeoff for a fertilizer spraying flight. It climbed to a height of 2-3 m until it flew into trees as a result of shifting winds.Crashed. The aircraft was still current however in the Russian register in March 2001.A Fokker F-27 Friendship 500 passenger plane, operated by Merpati Nusantara Airlines, sustained damage in a landing accident at Kupang-Eltari Airport (KOE), Indonesia.During a night time takeoff from Comodoro Rivadavia Airport, CB (CRD) the airplane's nose gear collided with a dog that suddenly crossed the runway. Takeoff was continued, but the crew received a 'low hydraulic pressure' warning. The airplane circled for 100 minutes to burn fuel before a landing back at Comodoro Rivadavia was accomplished.En route at 3000 feet the no. 2 engine lost power. A forced landing was carried out in the surf on Currumbin Beach.The Twin Otter lost directional control and ran off the runway and struck a fence. The wing was ripped off.Crashed.Formosa Airlines flight 7613 took off from Taipei-Sung Shan Airport (TSA) at 15:29 on a flight to Matsu Island (MFK). Visibility was poor as the Dornier 228 approached the airport. The crew attempted a visual approach in instrument conditions. The approach was continued although the copilot had not yet spotted the runway. He was concentrating on obtaining visual cues and failed to monitor the approach. The crew noticed that they had descended very low and increased power. The aircraft was not able to gain height fast enough, contacted the sea and crashed.The pilot-in-command, who was also the owner of Buffalo Narrows Airways, had just purchased the aircraft from Taquan Air in Ketchikan. He intended to ferry the Otter to their base of operations in Buffalo Narrows. The aircraft flew into a mountain at 7000 feet in marginal weather conditions.The Il-76 transport plane departed Novosibirsk on a cargo flight to Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Russia. It carried a cargo meat and detergent powder. On departure the takeoff weight was 17 tons over the maximum takeoff weight. En route the crew programmed the navigation system using the wrong coordinates for a waypoint (153° 20 'N instead of 53° 20' N). ATC then instructed the crew to descend without being visible on radar. It descended 23 km to the right of the intended track over mountainous terrain. The airplane descended through clouds to an altitude of 900 m and flew into the side of a mountain, 300 m below the summit.A Bangladeshi man hijacked the aircraft shortly after takeoff. He announced that he had a revolver and explosives in a bag he was carrying and would blow up the aircraft unless he was flown to Kashmir, India. The hijacker was overpowered, however, and arrested when the aircraft landed safely at Barisal. The hijacker’s bag was found to contain only bananas and some bread.Flight IFOR21 took off from Tuzla for a flight to Dubrovnik. While making an NDB approach to RWY 12 the aircraft crashed into a hill at 2300 feet, 1,7nm left of the extended centerline and 1,8nm North of RWY 12 at a speed of 133 knots and a 118° right bank. A DHC-6 Twin Otter 200 (RP-C1154), operated by Pacific Airways, taxied across runway 13 at the Taxiway F1 intersection at Manila International Airport (MNL). At the same moment a Philippine Air Lines Boeing 737 (EI-BZF) was taking off and collided with the Twin Otter. The 737 carried the Twin Otter for 130 m before coming to a halt.The aircraft departed from Villavicencio for a flight to La Macarena. When climbing through an altitude of 1900 feet, the no. 1 engine began to vibrate. The engine was shut down and the crew decided to return to the airport for an emergency landing on runway 22. They were not able to reach the runway and a wheels-up forced landing was carried out in a field.An Egyptian man and his teen-aged son and nephew hijacked Egypt Air flight 104 a few minutes after takeoff from Luxor. The flight had just stopped there en route from Jeddah to Cairo. The hijackers claimed to possess explosives and demanded to meet with world leaders. The pilot diverted the plane to Libya and landed at Derna-Martuba. The hijackers surrendered to Libyan authorities and stated that they had a message from God to deliver to Libyan leader, Muammar Qadhafi.During landing the aircraft overran the runway after hitting a stone material.Ran off the right side of the runway and struck the concrete edge of a roadway. The nosegear collapsed.A scheduled Sudan Airways flight was hijacked by two Sudanese oppositionists and diverted to Asmara, Eritrea. Approximately 20 minutes after takeoff, the two hijackers, armed with pistols, approached the head steward and threatened to blow up the plane if the flight was not diverted to Asmara. The pilot complied with their demand and the plane landed at Asmara, whereupon the hijackers surrendered to Eritrean security officials. The two hijackers opposed the current state of affairs in Sudan and were subsequently granted political asylum in Eritrea.The aircraft took off from runway 07 at 20:35 for the second training flight out of Belfast that night. After some 3-engined approaches to runway 17, the Viscount landed and immediately took off again.The Antonov An-26 was destroyed over Kuli Papa during the Sudan Civil War.The Islander was being ferried to the United States. It departed Reykjavík weighing 297 kg in excess of the mtow. Shortly after takeoff the pilot radioed that she had dropped her portable GPS on the floor and could not locate it. She decided to divert to Keflavik International Airport. During descent the no. 2 engine failed. The pilot did not feather the prop nor did she try to restart the engine. The airplane descended until it crash-landed in rough terrain some 5 nm (9 km) short of the airport. Investigation revealed that the mixture control for the no. 2 engine was pulled back. This may have occurred inadvertently by the pilot's sleeve when searching for the GPS device.Crashed on takeoff for a flight to Wau and destroyed by fire.Overran at landing.The airplane departed from Bagua, Peru, about 06:17 MDT conducting an aerial geological survey near the disputed boarder with Ecuador, in the Cenepa River area over dense Amazon jungle. The airplane did not return to Bagua, and there are no known recorded radio communications with N245GW. Search and rescue operations have been uneventful, according to the Peruvian DGCA.Two couples armed with knives and dynamite demanded to be taken to Taiwan. Hijackers were overpowered by security personnel on board.A hijacker, brandishing a handgun, entered the cockpit shortly after takeoff from Ercan. The aircraft flew to Sofia, Bulgarian for refueling. The plane continued to Munich were the hijacker surrendered, 11 hours after initiating the hijack.The Learjet took off from Brasilia (BSB) at 21:58 on a flight to São Paulo-Guarulhos (GRU). The en route part of the flight was uneventful. The descent was initiated and while passing FL230 the crew contacted São Paulo Control. Radar vectors were given for a Charlie 2 arrival and an ILS approach to runway 09R.A DHC-6 Twin Otter 200 (RP-C1154), operated by Pacific Airways, taxied across runway 13 at the Taxiway F1 intersection at Manila International Airport (MNL). At the same moment a Philippine Air Lines Boeing 737 (EI-BZF) was taking off and collided with the Twin Otter. The 737 carried the Twin Otter for 130 m before coming to a halt.Crashed in poor visibility after a flight from Luanda.Faucett flight 251 took off from Lima, Peru at 19:10 for a domestic flight to Arequipa and Tacna. When performing a VOR/DME approach to runway 09 at Arequipa, the aircraft impacted a hillside at an altitude of 8015 feet. The main fuselage carried over the initial ridge and impacted near the top of a second ridge. The empennage fell to an arroyo between the two ridges.After landing on runway 34 at Palangkaraya-Tjilik Riwut Airport (PKY), Indonesia, the aircraft suddenly turned 150 degrees until the nose wheel was out of the runway.Crashed in flames ten minutes before scheduled landing time.Suffered a brake failure; tires burst and the aircraft overran into a building.The aircraft, operating on the first leg of the Moscow-Omsk-Bratsk-Yakutsk flight, suffered fuel exhaustion. At 1000 m all four engines shut down. During the forced landing on a snow covered field, the wing hit a car.The aircraft took off from Baneasa Airport (BBU), Romania at 11:25 for a navaid calibration flight to Satu Mare (SUJ) and Baia Mare (BAY).The Twin Otter departed Guatemala City at 06:30 on a ferry flight to Cancábal. On approach, the captain descended into the clouds below MDA. The airplane contacted trees and crashed.At 150 feet after takeoff the aircraft rolled to the right, struck the ground and came to rest inverted in a ditch. The GAF had just taken off for a flight to Port-de-Paix and Cap Haitien.At 150 feet after takeoff the aircraft rolled to the right, struck the ground and came to rest inverted in a ditch. The GAF had just taken off for a flight to Port-de-Paix and Cap Haitien.The Islander departed Fukuoka at 12:52 on a flight to Nagasaki. En route the airplane encountered snowy weather. The pilot suddenly saw a forested mountain ridge ahead. He tried to avoid a collision, but the airplane descended into the trees on the Takami Peak.Hit mountain while approaching in foggy weather.Flight ALW 301 departed Puerto Plata for a charter flight to Frankfurt via Gander and Berlin at 23:42 LT. At 80 knots on takeoff the captain found out that his air speed indicator (ASI) wasn't working properly. The co-pilot's indicator seemed to work fine. While climbing through 4700 feet the captain's ASI read 350 knots (real speed was about 220 kts); this resulted in an autopilot/autothrottle reaction to increase the pitch-up attitude and a power reduction in order to lower the airspeed. At that time the crew got 'Rudder ratio' and 'Mach airspeed' advisory warnings. Both pilots got confused when the co-pilot stated that his ASI read 200 knots decreasing while getting an excessive speed-warning, followed by a stick shaker warning. This led the pilots to believe that both ASIs were unreliable. While trying to take off from runway 14 (5323 feet long) the Convair lifted off and remained in ground effect with an excessive nose high attitude. The Citation operated on a flight from Recife to Fazenda Matary with an intermediate stop at Imperatriz. On the last leg the instructor occupied the left seat and a training pilot occupied the right seat. While approaching Fazenda Matary, the instructor indicated that they would carry out a touch-and-go in order to observe the condition of the runway. Flaps were set at 15 degrees during the approach. The airspeed on finals was 125 kts, which is above the normal speed of 116 kts. After touchdown the instructor decided to make a full stop instead of a taking off again, but did not inform the training pilot. The training pilot observed the speed and noted that it fell below takeoff speed. With the end of the runway getting closer, he intervened and advanced the throttles for takeoff. The instructor thought the airplane still could be stopped on the runway. He took over control and retarded the throttles. The Citation overran the runway and caught fire.The DC-8 took off for an empty positioning flight from Asuncion runway 02. At VR power was reduced on no. 1 engine and, after rotation, also on the no. 2 engine. With the gear still down and flaps at 15° the aircraft lost control and crashed on a playing field 2 km past the runway.Reported written off at Nairobi-Wilson Airport (WIL), Kenya.The Cessna departed Wellington (WLG) for a VFR flight at 2000 feet to Koromiko (PCN). While descending for Koromiko Airport the aircraft entered an area of clouds and flew into the heavily wooded eastern slope of Mount Robertson at 1400 feet (430 m) amsl.The Cessna, operated by the 41st Squadron was forced to carry out an emergency landing following engine problems. The aircraft was damaged beyond repair when it ran through a ditch on landing in a valley.Overran runway 05 in heavy rain after an ILS approach without the spoilers being armed. Reverse thrust was not available on engines no. 2 and 4.At 06:50 Flight 1943 departed Washington for a flight to Houston. At 08:45, while descending through FL190, the first officer called for the in-range checklist. The captain referred to each of the seven items on the in-range checklist, in the correct order, except for the fourth item, "Hydraulics". The descent was continued and the flight crew were vectored for a runway 27 approach. At 0900:13, after crossing the outer marker, the first officer called for the flaps to be extended to 15deg. The first officer noted that the flaps had no extended. The IAI Westwind jet was flying transplant organs from Mar del Plata to Buenos Aires, Argentina. On approach to Buenos Aires-Jorge Newbery Airport, the nose gear failed to extend. A low pass was carried out which confirmed the status of the nose gear. The controller then directed the flight to Ezeiza Airport because that airport was better equipped to handle an emergency and Jorge Newbery Airport just has one runway.The IAI Westwind jet was flying transplant organs from Mar del Plata to Buenos Aires, Argentina. On approach to Buenos Aires-Jorge Newbery Airport, the nose gear failed to extend. A low pass was carried out which confirmed the status of the nose gear. The controller then directed the flight to Ezeiza Airport because that airport was better equipped to handle an emergency and Jorge Newbery Airport just has one runway.Crashed.Crashed.The An-32 freighter plane couldn't gain height after takeoff from Kinshasa-N'Dolo Airport. The crew elected to abort the takeoff, but the aircraft overran the runway by 600 m and crashed into a market square. Unconfirmed reports say the aircraft was overloaded by 595 pounds.The An-32 freighter plane couldn't gain height after takeoff from Kinshasa-N'Dolo Airport. The crew elected to abort the takeoff, but the aircraft overran the runway by 600 m and crashed into a market square. Unconfirmed reports say the aircraft was overloaded by 595 pounds.The crew had to pull Ground Control Relay circuit breakers H20 and J20 after takeoff due to cabin pressurization problems. When on final approach to RWY 02R at 100 feet the cabin had depressurized completely, so the captain reset both circuit breakers. Suddenly the spoilers deployed, which gave the aircraft a high sink rate. The DC-9 struck the runway with full power on both engines and a nose-high attitude. The aircraft bounced back and the crew managed to climb away. After landing back on RWY31 major damage was discovered to the fuselage.A man, disappointed with domestic political and social developments in Taiwan, hijacked flight 529 en route to Tainan (TNN). He gave a note to one of the flight attendants, claiming to have a bomb. He demanded that the plane be flown to Fujian Province, China. The hijacker agreed to the pilot's suggestion to land in Tainan for refueling and was arrested upon landing. The airplane touched down in a snow field 1,000 feet beyond the runway threshold and 25 feet right of runway centerline. The nose landing gear collapsed and, after traveling through several snow berms, the airplane skidded back onto the runway and came to a halt at the 4,000 foot mark.Crashed and caught fire after a heavy landing and a right main gear collapse. The aircraft was named "Manco Capac".A Beechcraft B100 King Air, N924WS, sustained substantial damage when it contacted a snow berm during landing rollout at Miles City, Montana. The airline transport pilot, commercial pilot, and three passengers on board the aircraft were not injured. The flight had originated at Billings Municipal Airport, MT (BIL) about 06:55. Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. There was no fire, and no report of the ELT actuating.The Convair had taken off from Deer Valley for a ferry flight to Spokane with 1325gal. of fuel. While on an ILS approach to runway 03 with no. 1 engine problems, both engines lost power at 500 feet. A forced landing was made in fields. It was found out that the left wing fuel tank was empty at the time of the crash, and the right wing tank only containing 125 gal.While established on the ILS during an approach to runway 23 at Genève-Cointrin Airport, Switzerland, smoke was noticed in the forward passenger cabin.While established on the ILS during an approach to runway 23 at Genève-Cointrin Airport, Switzerland, smoke was noticed in the forward passenger cabin.The aircraft crashed in flames, killing all on board.The aircraft crashed in flames, killing all on board.A Chinese woman hijacked Air China flight 1301 (a B-747 or 777 aircraft) between Beijing and Guangzhou. The hijacker reportedly told the male passenger seated next to her that she wanted to go to Taiwan and would "blow up the airplane if necessary" to get there. The woman then got out of her seat and, after 20 minutes, still had not returned. The man became worried and notified a flight attendant, who informed the captain. It is unclear what then transpired aboard the aircraft; however, approximately 90 minutes into the flight, the plane suddenly landed at Wuhan’s airport without any announcement having been made. The aircraft stopped at the end of the runway, and passengers were told to deplane as soon as possible to cars and buses waiting to take them away. The hijacker was turned over to the authorities, and the aircraft was searched for explosives but none were found. The passengers were again enplaned, and the aircraft continued on its flight to Guangzhou.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.A Dassault Falcon 900, N900CS, veered off the side of the runway at Hamilton, Montana, and collided with VASI lights during the landing roll. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time. The aircraft was substantially damaged. The two airline transport pilots, the one flight attendant and the six passengers were not injured. The flight had departed from San Francisco, California, about one-hour and forty minutes prior to the accident. The crew of N14835 (call sign "Tanker 08") had been engaged in fire fighting operations in the Gila National Forest all day. The first officer, an initial attack trainee pilot, was in the left seat. The pilot in command was in the right seat.Some no. 2 engine (Walter M-601E) problems occurred during the flight. The crew then had some problems with the automatic propeller pitch control mechanism when they tried to restart the engine. An increase in drag caused the plane to lose speed. A forced belly landing was carried out in a field.A  Lockheed Hercules transport plane, N402LC, sustained substantial damage during landing at the Hog River Airport, a private airport about 40 miles north of Huslia, Alaska. The airplane was being operated as an instrument (IFR) cross-country cargo flight when the accident occurred. The flight originated at the Fairbanks International Airport, Alaska, about 12:47.Crashed on approach to Abidjan, Ivory Coast.LAER Flight 922 operated on a domestic service from Paso de los Libres Airport, CR (AOL) to Buenos Aires' Aeroparque in Argentina. The first officer was pilot flying.Approximately one hour after departing Seville, Iberia flight 1121 was hijacked and diverted to Valencia Airport. The hijacking occurred while the aircraft was flying from Seville to Barcelona, Spain, en route to Amsterdam, the Netherlands. A Cessna 500 Citation I, N41SH, was substantially damaged when it overran the runway while landing at Fishers Island-Elizabeth Field, New York. There were no injuries. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the corporate flight that originated from Teterboro, New Jersey. Propair Flight 420 took off from Montreal-Dorval runway 24L at 07:01 for a flight to Peterborough. During the takeoff roll, the aircraft was pulling to the left of the runway centreline, and the right rudder was required to maintain takeoff alignment. Two minutes later the flight was cleared to climb to 16,000 feet. Alitalia Flight 600 was approaching Newark (ERW) runway 04R in gusty crosswind, conditions. The pilot received an onboard wind shear alert about 5 seconds prior to touchdown, and the airplane touched down with a 1.8 G load on the main landing gear, followed 2 seconds later by a 2.8 G spike on the nose landing gear. After touchdown, the first officer, the flying pilot, continued to push the control column forward, and the airplane pitched nose down, as the main landing gear alternately lifted off the ground and the ground spoilers retracted. Lost control while testing the LAPES (Low Altitude Parachute Extraction System) to drop a 4000 kg load from a height of 200 m. The parachute harness apparently detached during the process, causing the 400 kg load to remain on the cargo door. Control was lost and the aircraft crashed.The aircraft was in cruise flight at 3000 feet, 20 minutes after takeoff from St. Thomas, when the no. 1 engine temperature 100 degrees and the oil pressure started to fluctuate. The engine was shut down. Skywest Flight 724, an Embraer EMB-120, N198SW, experienced a total loss of engine power to the right engine and associated engine fire, followed by a total loss of all airplane hydraulic systems, after takeoff from San Diego International-Lindbergh Field, California. The airplane sustained substantial damage. The 2 pilots, 1 flight attendant, and 14 passengers were not injured. Crashed en route from El Paso, TX to Toluca, Mexico. The plane had climbed to FL410 to navigate around thunderstorm activity.Flew into the side of the Cerro de las Mitras mountain while approaching Monterrey (NTR) in conditions of rain and fog.The airplane became airborne about 3,500 feet down the runway; the crew subsequently lost control of the aircraft, and it crashed to the left of the runway, and a fire erupted. An engine failure was simulated as a training exercise.A number of Azerbaijani soldiers were returning to camp after a small arms practice and had begun shooting at a road sign. At the same time a Yakovlev 40 was returning from a training flight and overflew the area. A number of stray bullets struck the Yak and hit an oxygen cylinder. A fire broke out and control was lost. The aircraft crashed 5160 m short of the runway, 95 m left of the extended centerline.Because of construction works on runway 35, the threshold at Porto was displaced by 760 m, and which was also NOTAMed as such. Prior to departure from Madrid-Barajas Airport (MAD), Spain, the crew did not receive this NOTAM.A South African Police Beechcraft 200C Super King Air, ZS-LNV flew to Steynsburg, South Africa to enable five forensic experts and detectives to conduct an investigation of suspected arson, as the Grand Hotel at the town was destroyed by fire. The same afternoon they were finished with their investigation.A South African Police Beechcraft 200C Super King Air, ZS-LNV flew to Steynsburg, South Africa to enable five forensic experts and detectives to conduct an investigation of suspected arson, as the Grand Hotel at the town was destroyed by fire. The same afternoon they were finished with their investigation.The aircraft approached in bad weather (thunderstorms, rainfall) and made a heavy landing, bouncing three times and pushing the nosegear up into the fuselage. The crew performed a go-around and tried to land 9 minutes later. The aircraft touched down at high speed, ran off the runway, broke up in three pieces and caught fire.The morning newspaper flight to Jersey departed Bournemouth at 06:38. The first officer, who was on his first line training flight, was pilot flying. The F-27 was radar vectored for an ILS runway 27 approach. Weather included wind from 330 deg at 24-34 kts with a visibility of 30 km and a cloud base of 1600 feet. The captain took control of the plane four seconds before touchdown. The plane landed heavily nosewheel first (+3.7 g), causing the nose gear to be pushed rearwards into the aircraft structure. The aircraft bounced and after the second touchdown (+3.0 g), the main landing gear retracted. It slid several hundred meters on the runway before sliding off into the grass.Engine number 4 touched a car during taxi and sustained minor damage. The car also sustained minor damage.The aircraft's rate of descent suddenly increased prior to landing and touched down heavily 4 feet short of runway 35. The nosegear struck the raised lip of the runway and collapsed. The Dornier slid for 166 m.The aircraft crashed in mountainous terrain while returning from aerial survey mission for a Japanese oil company.The right wing dropped on landing; the aircraft ground looped and ran off the runway into a ditch. Maintenance suspects that the bolts attaching the right horizontal gear support to the main wheel had failed.Beechcraft RC-12N Huron reconnaissance plane was destroyed when it crashed on Ossabaw Island, GA, USA, killing both pilots.Crashed with two engines on fire.Crashed with two engines on fire.An unidentified DC-3 aircraft was commandeered from a small village in south central D.R.Congo to Kinshasa-N'Djili Airport (FIH) by six to eight men. TheBounced twice, touched down 775 m down the 1800 m long runway and overran runway. The nosegear and right main gear collapsed. The MTOW was exceeded by 12,580 kg on departure from Novosibirsk.Bounced twice, touched down 775 m down the 1800 m long runway and overran runway. The nosegear and right main gear collapsed. The MTOW was exceeded by 12,580 kg on departure from Novosibirsk.The aircraft first attempt to land at runway 21 was abandoned due to heavy rainfall and poor visibility. The second ILS approach was continued and the DC-9 touched down some 900 m down the wet runway. The aircraft began to veer to the left and ran off the side at 1800 m down the runway. The undercarriage collapsed.The Twin Otter aircraft departed Oakland at 10:50 PST for a ferry flight to Honolulu. For this flight the aircraft had been equipped with four ferry fuel tanks in addition to the normal forward and aft internal aircraft tanks. The pilot stated that at 18:00 PST (7 hours and 10 minutes into the flight), the estimated time to fuel depletion was found to be 8 hours and 40 minutes, with a time to go to destination of 7 hours and 40 minutes. Three hours later, the pilot determined that he was fuel critical due to unforecast headwinds. He declared a low fuel emergency and changed his intended destination to Hilo, HI. He also requested Coast Guard assistance at that time. Approximately 4 hours later, the pilot elected to ditch under power rather than remain airborne until fuel depletion.A Boeing 737-230 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Banjarmasin-Sjamsudin Noor Airport (BDJ), Indonesia.The pilot had contacted the Barrow Flight Service Station (FSS) eleven times on the day of the accident to obtain weather briefings. The conditions were below VFR minimums, which were required to conduct the passenger-carrying commercial flight in a single-engine airplane. The conditions later improved and the pilot departed under a special VFR clearance. The pilot performed two approaches at the Wainwright Airport (AIN) in IMC that were consistent with the two GPS approaches that were available there. Weather data and witnesses indicate that daylight conditions, low clouds and poor visibility prevailed, with cloud tops at 1,000 feet. After the second approach, the pilot radioed that he was heading back to the departure airport because he could not see the airport. The airplane impacted the frozen Arctic Ocean in a right bank and at a 60-degree nose-down attitude about three miles away from the location of the pilot's last radio transmission. An examination of the airplane before it sank through cracking ice, revealed no pre-impact mechanical malfunctions. An examination of the propeller revealed that it was under a power setting consistent with a maneuvering airspeed at the time of impact. The airplane was nearly full of fuel and over its published maximum gross weight at impact. Small pieces of clear ice, about 1/4-inch thick, were found on portions of the tail surfaces. Interviews with operator employees and the pilot's wife revealed that the pilot may have felt pressure from himself and passengers to complete the flight.Taxied into floodlight and suffered extensive damage to port wing. The aircraft was withdrawn from use and broken up.The Gulfstream struck and fatally injured one person on the ground during takeoff at Goma Airport. The flight diverted to Entebbe where extensive damage especially starboard undercarriage assembly was noted.The Gulfstream struck and fatally injured one person on the ground during takeoff at Goma Airport. The flight diverted to Entebbe where extensive damage especially starboard undercarriage assembly was noted.A Cessna 650 Citation III, N553AC, was substantially damaged by a fire while on approach to Buffalo, New York. The two certificated airline transport rated pilots, and one passenger were not injured. Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The aircraft landed long at 2,000 feet past the displaced threshold, with 50 percent flaps, leaving approximately 3,000 feet of runway remaining at a higher-than-normal landing speed; overran the runway. The Hercules hit a concrete drainage ditch, went through a fence, over a sheer 50-foot drop-off and came to rest on a civilian highway interchange where it caught fire.The Convair was taking off for a flight to Mbuji-Mayi when unusual noise was heard. The takeoff was aborted but the plane overran the runway and collided with an embankment. The takeoff was being performed up-slope. Normally takeoffs at Tshikapa are performed down-slope due to the significant slope of the 1000 m runway.At about 04:30 EST, ground personnel in 'Vehicle 1277' were cleared on runway 13/31 at New York-La Guardia Airport, NY (LGA) to perform 'lighting maintenance.' Later, during repair of centerline lights, when Gulfstream II N117FJ was inbound to the airport, Vehicle 1277 stalled on runway 13/31. Personnel of Vehicle 1277 attempted to restart the vehicle, but were unable, so they shut off all vehicle lights to reduce electrical load, and again attempted to restart the vehicle, but to no avail. The Skyvan collided in midair with a Cessna 207 (N800GA), shortly after taking off from runway 36. Both aircraft crashed.A Boeing 747-2U3B passenger plane, operating Garuda Indonesia Airways flight GA980, overran runway 06 on landing at Taipei-Chiang Kai Shek International Airport (TPE), Taiwan. Some tires were blown.The pilot/owner of an air tanker was dispatched to drop a load of retardant on a fire burning up a valley wall. The pilot made radio contact with the firefighters on the ground, who requested that the pilot deliver the entire load on the first drop. A helicopter pilot who was dropping water on the fire positioned himself about a mile away to allow the air tanker to make its drop. The winds were from the northwest at 15 knots and gusting to 20 knots, and the helicopter pilot reported turbulence in the area. The helicopter pilot watched as the air tanker came from the northeast, overflew the fire, and made a descending counterclockwise turn.  he airplane flew towards the fire parallel to the valley ridge, and the helicopter pilot observed the air tanker drop its retardant. During the drop, the airplane flew through smoke, and its right wing impacted trees on the upslope side of the valley. The airplane then rolled 90 degrees and descended into the steeply inclined wooded terrain.The pilot/owner of an air tanker was dispatched to drop a load of retardant on a fire burning up a valley wall. The pilot made radio contact with the firefighters on the ground, who requested that the pilot deliver the entire load on the first drop. A helicopter pilot who was dropping water on the fire positioned himself about a mile away to allow the air tanker to make its drop. The winds were from the northwest at 15 knots and gusting to 20 knots, and the helicopter pilot reported turbulence in the area. The helicopter pilot watched as the air tanker came from the northeast, overflew the fire, and made a descending counterclockwise turn.  he airplane flew towards the fire parallel to the valley ridge, and the helicopter pilot observed the air tanker drop its retardant. During the drop, the airplane flew through smoke, and its right wing impacted trees on the upslope side of the valley. The airplane then rolled 90 degrees and descended into the steeply inclined wooded terrain.The Boeing 737-322, N364UA, was substantially damaged in a collision accident with a parked truck during push back at Denver International Airport, Colorado. The two occupants of the truck received minor injuries. The Boeing 737-322, N364UA, was substantially damaged in a collision accident with a parked truck during push back at Denver International Airport, Colorado. The two occupants of the truck received minor injuries. Boeing 727 5Y-BMW was in Asmara delivering "relief supplies" to the Eritrean government when its left hand wing was damaged by a fuel truck in late May 1998. While awaiting repair and some spares to be brought in, the airplane was strafed by a MiG fighter during the June 5th raid and damaged by small calibre gun fire. Wiring damage behind the cockpit was of such nature that the whole area needed to be re-wired. It was decided not to repair the plane. The Boeing was purchased by International Air Parts and was stripped of the engines and other parts. The Eritreans proceeded to cut off the wings and tow it for three kilometers down the main airport road to the Expo site.The Metro III departed Buenos Aires-Aeroparque on a cargo flight to Posadas via Sauce Viejo. At 07:03 the flight contacted the Sauce Viejo Approach controller. They were informed that weather was below minima with calm wind, visibility 30 meters reduced by fog, temperature 8 deg. C, QNH 1024 hPa. At 07:14 the crew contacted Sauce Viejo Tower and were again informed that the weather was below minima. The pilot then wanted to attempt the approach until decision height. They were cleared for an ILS runway 03 approach. Minima for that approach included 900 metres visibility and a 224 feet decision height. At 07:20 the flight reported having captured the localizer at 3000 feet. The controller gave approach clearance and requested the crew to report overhead the Outer Marker (OM). After reporting over the OM, the crew had to report when over the Middle Marker (MM) or when they had the runway in sight. The aircraft descended below minimum descent altitude and contacted terrain 430 meters short of the runway. The undercarriage collapsed as the airplane skidded another 180 metres before coming to rest.Crashed.Convair CV-240 N87949 was engaged in a training flight out of Aguadilla-Borinquen Airport (BQN), Puerto Rico.The Yak-40 was carrying a Vietnamese military delegation from Vientiane to Xiang Khoang in Laos, when it crashed into a jungle during a heavy rainstorm.The Y-12 carried 26 passengers (14 adults and 12 children) when it took off from Erdenet at 09:17. About 13 minutes into the flight to Moron, the aircraft crashed near the top of a 6500 feet mountain. The Y-12 is designed to carry about 19 passengers.Three hijackers armed with handguns and claiming to have explosives ordered the crew to fly to India. The hijackers also demanded (U.S.) $20 million for development in their native Baluchistan Province. Rather than fly to India, however, the crew took the plane to the airport in Hyderabad, Pakistan, located 90 miles from Karachi. The hijackers were led to believe that they had landed at a remote airstrip in Bhoj, India. Upon landing, the plane was immediately surrounded by security forces and vehicles were parked in front to prevent it from leaving. More than five hours later the hijackers reportedly told theAirbus G-UKLL was operated by Leisure International Airways and used to operate a holiday charter flight on behalf of Sabre Airways from Manchester to Ibiza. Flight 4064 departed at 22:30, some 15 minutes behind the planned schedule. The handling pilot for the sector was the first officer; this was decided during the pre-flight briefing, given the good meteorological conditions expected at destination. As soon as the Ibiza METAR had been obtained, while still in the cruise phase, the first officer planned for an ILS approach to runway 24, set up the navigation aids and programmed the Flight Management Guidance Computers (FMGC's) accordingly. He pre-selected the BSCU (Brake and Steering Control Unit) Autobrake system to Low. Upon this selection, a 'BRAKES BSCU CH 2 FAULT' was annunciated to the crew. There was no ECAM procedure to be followed. The selection was repeated but the fault remained. The Status Page displayed 'Inop Sys BSCU2 Fault' ('Inoperative System, BSCU Channel 2 Fault'). The crew checked the relevant section of the Flight Crew Operating Manual Volume 3 and this stated that the indication was for' Crew Awareness'. No further crew action was specified. At 00:46 hrs the crew were authorised to land on runway 24, wind of 020deg at 5 knots. The aircraft made the flare and a gentle touchdown about 800 metres from the start of runway 24. A slight tailwind component was apparent, of approx. 4 kt. Reverse thrust was selected and initial deceleration appeared normal. The commander considered that more braking was required in order to slow the aircraft to achieve the planned turn off the runway, so he advised the first officer to apply more braking.Airbus G-UKLL was operated by Leisure International Airways and used to operate a holiday charter flight on behalf of Sabre Airways from Manchester to Ibiza. Flight 4064 departed at 22:30, some 15 minutes behind the planned schedule. The handling pilot for the sector was the first officer; this was decided during the pre-flight briefing, given the good meteorological conditions expected at destination. As soon as the Ibiza METAR had been obtained, while still in the cruise phase, the first officer planned for an ILS approach to runway 24, set up the navigation aids and programmed the Flight Management Guidance Computers (FMGC's) accordingly. He pre-selected the BSCU (Brake and Steering Control Unit) Autobrake system to Low. Upon this selection, a 'BRAKES BSCU CH 2 FAULT' was annunciated to the crew. There was no ECAM procedure to be followed. The selection was repeated but the fault remained. The Status Page displayed 'Inop Sys BSCU2 Fault' ('Inoperative System, BSCU Channel 2 Fault'). The crew checked the relevant section of the Flight Crew Operating Manual Volume 3 and this stated that the indication was for' Crew Awareness'. No further crew action was specified. At 00:46 hrs the crew were authorised to land on runway 24, wind of 020deg at 5 knots. The aircraft made the flare and a gentle touchdown about 800 metres from the start of runway 24. A slight tailwind component was apparent, of approx. 4 kt. Reverse thrust was selected and initial deceleration appeared normal. The commander considered that more braking was required in order to slow the aircraft to achieve the planned turn off the runway, so he advised the first officer to apply more braking.Iberia returned to Johannesburg on 20th May 1998, after a break in service of at least 10 years. The inaugural flight was operated by A.340 EC-GJT and arrived at JNB around 07:30 in the morning. After the inaugural flight ceremonies were completed, the aircraft was towed away to be parked at a remote stand for the layover before the 21:00 departure. During the afternoon, an Intensive Air HS-748 (ZS-XGY) suffered a hydraulic system failure as it was taxiing behind the parked Airbus. This failure affected both steering and braking systems and led to a collision between the two aircraft. The no. 1 propeller struck the rear fuselage as HS-748 passed beneath the Airbus' tail. The vertical stabilizer of the HS-748 then folded as the plane became wedged underneath the A.340.Because of political unrest, the F-28 was used to evacuate expatriates. The crew had been on continuous duty in excess of 16 hrs flying five sectors. The management was unable to deploy another crew because of the social unrest. The aircraft took off from Jakarta at 10:23 for Singapore-Seletar. The descent and approach checklists were carried out by the co-pilot, but he failed to arm the lift dumper. The runway was wet and slippery, which called for a positive touchdown. The pilot however made a smooth landing. The failure to arm the lift dumpers affected the anti-skid system operation and braking effectiveness after landing. The pilot applied alternate brakes, which is not recommended when hydroplaning is suspected. The worn main gear tyres and brake pad also degraded the braking action. The F-28 overran the runway, causing the left wing and left main gear to break off.Because of political unrest, the F-28 was used to evacuate expatriates. The crew had been on continuous duty in excess of 16 hrs flying five sectors. The management was unable to deploy another crew because of the social unrest. The aircraft took off from Jakarta at 10:23 for Singapore-Seletar. The descent and approach checklists were carried out by the co-pilot, but he failed to arm the lift dumper. The runway was wet and slippery, which called for a positive touchdown. The pilot however made a smooth landing. The failure to arm the lift dumpers affected the anti-skid system operation and braking effectiveness after landing. The pilot applied alternate brakes, which is not recommended when hydroplaning is suspected. The worn main gear tyres and brake pad also degraded the braking action. The F-28 overran the runway, causing the left wing and left main gear to break off.Flight 435 departed Kotzebue (OTZ) at 14:02. After departure, the pilot indicated an obscured ceiling began to lower in an area about 70 miles (112 km) south of Kotzebue. He said the airplane was in cruise flight at 4,500 feet mean sea level while en route to Nome (OME). As the flight progressed southbound, the ceilings continued to lower, and the pilot said he descended to 2,500 feet. About 12 miles 919 km) north of Nome, the pilot indicated he descended to 1,500 feet, and the visibility was between 3 to 4 miles. At 15:15, about 6 miles 910 km) north of Nome, the pilot contacted the Nome Automated Flight Service Station (AFSS), and obtained an airport advisory. The Nome flight service station specialist reported the Nome airport advisory as: "...wind, 080 degrees, at 20 knots, favoring runway 09, altimeter 29.63; Nome weather, IFR, visibility 1 mile in light snow and mist, ceiling 1,000 feet broken, 1,500 feet overcast." The pilot descended to 1000 feet. When the visibility decreased to 1 mile, he decided to begin a right turn back to an area of better visibility. During the turn, the pilot said he entered white-out conditions. He leveled the wings of the airplane, and applied engine power to begin a climb. The airplane then collided with the snow covered terrain of Newton Peak, about 850 feet msl.Flight 435 departed Kotzebue (OTZ) at 14:02. After departure, the pilot indicated an obscured ceiling began to lower in an area about 70 miles (112 km) south of Kotzebue. He said the airplane was in cruise flight at 4,500 feet mean sea level while en route to Nome (OME). As the flight progressed southbound, the ceilings continued to lower, and the pilot said he descended to 2,500 feet. About 12 miles 919 km) north of Nome, the pilot indicated he descended to 1,500 feet, and the visibility was between 3 to 4 miles. At 15:15, about 6 miles 910 km) north of Nome, the pilot contacted the Nome Automated Flight Service Station (AFSS), and obtained an airport advisory. The Nome flight service station specialist reported the Nome airport advisory as: "...wind, 080 degrees, at 20 knots, favoring runway 09, altimeter 29.63; Nome weather, IFR, visibility 1 mile in light snow and mist, ceiling 1,000 feet broken, 1,500 feet overcast." The pilot descended to 1000 feet. When the visibility decreased to 1 mile, he decided to begin a right turn back to an area of better visibility. During the turn, the pilot said he entered white-out conditions. He leveled the wings of the airplane, and applied engine power to begin a climb. The airplane then collided with the snow covered terrain of Newton Peak, about 850 feet msl.An EgyptAir Airbus A.320 had just landed on runway 05R and crossed the active departure runway 05L on its way to the apron. At that moment an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 was taking off, shearing off 4 feet of the Airbus' vertical stabilizer. The 767 returned to Cairo and landed safely with 3 feet of right wing damage.An EgyptAir Airbus A.320 had just landed on runway 05R and crossed the active departure runway 05L on its way to the apron. At that moment an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 was taking off, shearing off 4 feet of the Airbus' vertical stabilizer. The 767 returned to Cairo and landed safely with 3 feet of right wing damage.An EgyptAir Airbus A.320 had just landed on runway 05R and crossed the active departure runway 05L on its way to the apron. At that moment an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 was taking off, shearing off 4 feet of the Airbus' vertical stabilizer. The 767 returned to Cairo and landed safely with 3 feet of right wing damage.The Antonov departed Kabinda, D.R. Congo, carrying 10.000 kg of cargo bound for Luanda. At a distance of 1850 m from the runway at Luanda, the Antonov was 13 m above the glideslope. The crew increased the vertical rate of descent to 6,6 m/s until it descended below the glidesope 1450 m from the threshold. The aircraft leveled out at an height of 12 m, 290 m from the runway threshold. A brief wind shift at that point led to a drop in the indicated speed from 260 km/h to 248 km/h. The aircraft touched down very hard short of the runway. Colliding with the raised lip of the runway, nearly the entire main undercarriage was sheared off.The Bandeirante was preparing to drop 10 parachutists near Rio de Janeiro when one of the parachutists struck the elevator. The pilot lost control of the airplane. It crashed into a condominium.The Bandeirante was preparing to drop 10 parachutists near Rio de Janeiro when one of the parachutists struck the elevator. The pilot lost control of the airplane. It crashed into a condominium.The flight crew received flight release documents containing weather information from airline dispatch that was incomplete and did not contain pertinent Convective SIGMETs and a tornado watch bulletin. However, the flight crew stated that before departure from Atlanta (ATL), they looked at a computerized weather display and observed a line of adverse weather conditions along their intended route of flight. During initial climb after takeoff, the flight crew noticed that they were approaching a line of thunderstorms. The captain initially planned to fly around this line but noticed a 10-mile gap in the line that was depicted on the airplane's on-board weather radar display. The captain decided to fly through the gap, which he could also see when he looked outside of the airplane. Radar and weather data indicate that the airplane penetrated an extreme weather echo (VIP level 6) that likely contained a severe thunderstorm, hail, and severe to extreme turbulence. The thunderstorm top was above 45,000 feet. Neither the flight attendants nor the passengers received an adequate or timely briefing to remain seated and to prepare for the possibility of turbulence. The aft flight attendant and a passenger were seriously injured during the turbulence encounter. Hail shattered the front windshield and damaged the pitot system, radome, wings, tail, and engines. The flight crew successfully performed an emergency landing at Chattanooga-Lovell Field, TN (CHA). The investigation revealed that the captain had been involved in two other air carrier incidents involving adverse weather conditions. It also revealed that the airline lacked adequate training and guidance regarding hazardous weather interpretation and avoidance, as well as adequate procedures to notify flight attendants about potential turbulence. According to FAA guidance, flight crews should avoid intense or extreme level radar echoes by at least 20 miles. This guidance also instructs pilots that such echoes should be separated by at least 40 miles before flight is attempted between the echoes.The Antonov departed Durban on a flight to Harare via Bulawayo. En route at FL130 electrical problems behind the captain's seat caused smoke on the flight deck. An emergency descent was carried out, followed by an emergency forced landing on a small grass strip near Vaalwater. The left wing struck a tree and the nose gear collapsed.The Boeing 737, which had just been in service with the Peruvian Air Force for a few weeks, was operating on a flight for Occidental Petroleum.Written off after ground cockpit fire.An engine exploded while the aircraft was preparing for takeoff. A fire erupted, causing severe damage to the rear fuselage. The plane was owned by TAROM and operated on behalf of Trans-Asia.Bad weather at Booue forced the crew to divert to La Lope. The landing roll appeared to be normal, but the plane overran the runway, eventually colliding with a rock. This caused serious damage to the nose, fuselage and landing gears.The Bandeirante had just dropped 8 parachutists on a training mission when it was returning to Resende Airport, RJ (REZ), Brazil.A Boeing 727 passenger plane, HC-BSU, was destroyed when it flew into the side of a mountain near Bogotá, Colombia. All 53 on board were killed.Overran runway on landing; probably damaged beyond repair.Overran the runway at a speed of 80 knots after a heavy landing on a wet runway. The right main gear collapsed.Flight 8738 departed Grand Forks (GFK) at 07:28, with 2710 pounds (1229 kg) of cargo for a flight to Bismarck (BIS). N868FE was cleared to climb to 6000 feet msl after takeoff from Grand Forks. Shortly after takeoff the pilot requested a climb to 8000 feet msl due to icing. The pilot was issued a climb to 7000 feet msl. N868FE then contacted Minneapolis ARTCC and stated to the controller that he was not picking up any more ice at 7000 feet msl and that he was on top of the clouds. The pilot informed the controller that the ice he had picked up was mixed and that it was like wet droplets running back over the wing and freezing. The pilot of N868FE was instructed to contact Bismarck Approach who issued vectors and cleared the pilot for the ILS runway 31 approach. The pilot then contacted the Bismarck Tower and was cleared to land at 08:36. The pilot's acknowledgment was the last radio contact with the flight. The airplane impacted the terrain in a field approximately 1.6 miles from the end of runway 31. It appeared that the pilot completed his Caravan I Initial Pilot Training Course on March 27, 1998. He had just 18.9 hours on type of which 1.9 hours of actual instrument time.A Cessna 525 CitationJet, N111LR and a Cessna 172N, N737WD, collided in flight over a residential area in Marietta, Georgia. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident. The pilot of the 172, the pilot of the CitationJet, and the three passengers in the CitationJet, were all fatally injured. Both airplanes were destroyed. The CitationJet departed from the Atlanta-DeKalb Peachtree Airport, GA (PDK) about 10:30, with an instrument flight plan to Harrisburg International Airport, PA (MDT). According to radar data, the 172 departed Mathis Airfield, near Cumming, Georgia, about 10:25. A flight plan was not filed for the 172 flight, reported as a flight to inspect power lines for Georgia Power Co.The DC-3 had recently undergone a Turbo Conversion by Basler Turbo Conversions, Inc for its new owner, the government of Mali. Company founder and CEO Warren Basler was flying a Beechcraft A36 Bonanza (registered N3657A, c/n E-188) to take some photographs of the DC-3. On its last pass, the A36 circled behind the DC-3, then crossed over the top and hitting the top of the DC-3 at an altitude of 700 feet . About 5 seconds after impact, the DC-3 gently rolled/turned westbound (apparently descending and gaining airspeed); the left wing then came off, followed by the right wing about 2 seconds later.A McDonnell Douglas MD-87, N753RA, operated as Reno Air flight 153 from Detroit, Michigan, to Reno, Nevada, experienced a partial loss of power on both engines during takeoff. The flight returned to Detroit and landed at 06:58 without further incident. Neither the 5 crewmembers nor the 106 passengers were injured. Crashed after reporting engine problems.The Mitsubishi MU-300 Diamond business jet sustained damage in a runway excursion accident at Houston-Sugar Land Municipal Airport, TX (SGR).The Antonov crashed 150 m short of the runway while approaching Lukapa airstrip in dense fog. The aircraft was on its third attempt to land.The aircraft was engaged on a tour of European States carrying the President of Zimbabwe and his staff. It had departed Zimbabwe on 2 March 1997 and arrived in Directional control difficulties at V1 forced the crew to abort the takeoff.Directional control difficulties at V1 forced the crew to abort the takeoff.Crashed in a triple canopy jungle after engine problems.A Cessna 500 Citation I was destroyed in a loss of control accident near La Felisa, Colombia. Both crew members were killed.Shortly after the takeoff from Griffin, the airplane would not achieve a normal climb rate. The engine temperature started to rise as the pilot increased climb power. The right engine was shut down. Since the pilot could not maintain level or a climb attitude, he selected an open field for a forced landing. During the approach for the forced landing, the pilot realized that the landing gear handle would not operate, and he was not sure of the landing gear position. The airplane touched down in the open field, and rolled about 700 feet before the gear collapsed. The pilot later failed to demonstrate a satisfactory level of knowledge in emergency procedures and surrendered his type rating for this aircraft.Destroyed in mortar attack.Flight GGN926, a Cessna 208B departed Hamilton on an IFR flight to Lake Simcoe Regional Airport. The flight had been cleared for an IFR approach by the Simcoe controller and changed to the UNICOM frequency. Crashed.Settled back on runway 06 after gear retraction and skidded for 450 m. Climb power setting was used below 1500 feet, contrary to the Flight Manual.Pantanal flight 126 departed Campo Grande (CGR) for a 2 hours and 15 min. flight to Vilhena (BVH). The captain was an instructor, the copilot was receiving line training. The copilot was Pilot Flying (PF). While approaching Vilhena, the weather was reported below minima. Instead of diverting to the alternate airport, the captain decided they should execute an Echo 1 arrival procedure, which was an NDB approach to runway 03. Because actual weather at Vilhena had differed from reported weather conditions in the past, they would descend to MDA. If the runway was not in sight at that point, the approach would be aborted. The copilot inserted an MDA of 2500 feet in the Altitude Alert System. This was an error since the MDA was actually 2560 feet. Both pilot did not notice the error. The instructor told the copilot to monitor the artificial horizon during the final stages of the approach. The copilot focused on the artificial horizon and did not monitor the altimeter. The captain tried to obtain visual contact with the ground, but the city lights were off due to lack of electric energy. He did not call out the altitudes and the airplane did not level off at 2500 feet. The copilot probably shut off or silenced the Altitude Alert System and the airplane continued to descend below MDA. The airplane collided with various trees located to the right and one kilometre short of runway 03. It collided with the ground and skidded to a stop. A fire erupted in the no. 1 engine, spreading to the rest of the airplane. All occupants managed to escape.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, N117WM, registered to Coast Hotels and Casinos Inc. of Las Vegas, Nevada, collided with terrain approximately 2,4 km short of the runway while on an ILS approach to runway 34R at Salt Lake City International Airport, UT (SLC). The airplane was substantially damaged and, of the airplane's four occupants, one passenger was fatally injured and the airline transport pilot-in-command and the aircraft's other two passengers were seriously injured. The IAI 1123 Westwind, N163DL, sustained damage to the nose in an unknown occurrence. The aircraft was first seen damaged on February 14, 1997.After an ILS approach the Learjet touched down long on runway 36. The aircraft hydroplaned and went off the runway, skidded through 200 feet of sod, vaulted off a 25 foot embankment, skidded across a road, and collided with a ditch.Crashed on approach to Kaduna, Nigeria.The Hawker Siddeley HS-748 passenger plane, PK-IHG, was damaged when the aft service door detached during takeoff from Tarakan-Juwata Airport (TRK), Indonesia.The aircraft overran the runway while on takeoff for Palaly and crashed into a marshy patch.The airplane landed fast and overran the runway at Semipalatinsk.The Westwind jet flew into mountain while on approach to runway 01 at Guatemala City.The Boeing had taken off from Maraba at 11:55. At 12:34 the aircraft touched down at Carajas' runway 10 in bad weather (thunderstorm, bad visibility) following a VOR approach. The right main gear collapsed rearwards, causing the plane to veer off the right side of the runway, 700 m from the point if touchdown. The aircraft ended up in a forest. The first officer was the only fatality.A China Northwest Airlines plane was hijacked by a Chinese man. He was carrying an attaché case which he claimed was filled with explosives, threatened to blow up the aircraft unless he was flown to Taiwan. The pilot reportedly maneuvered the aircraft in order to throw the hijacker off balance, allowing securityThe push-pull rod of the elevator broke off in flight, severely damaging the rudder. This caused increasing airframe vibration. An emergency landing at Nürnberg was carried out.Falcon LV-WLH operated on a cargo flight from Córdoba (COR) to Tucumán (TUC) and Salta (SLA). The aircraft took off from Tucumán at 21:45. At 22:01 the crew reported at FL180 over reporting point PONPI, 55 nm Salta. Two minutes later the flight was cleared to descend to the cloud level. At 22:08 the crew reported at 6500ft on top of the clouds in visual conditions. Shortly afterward the airplane flew into the side of Cerró Chivilme at an altitude of 6970 feet.The HS-748 was cleared for a runway 23 takeoff at 23:29. The first officer was the handling pilot and the takeoff was to be made with full dry power; the water methanol system was selected to standby. At an airspeed of 111 kt the Commander called 'vee one, rotate', the first officer moved the control column rearwards and the aircraft became airborne. Less than five seconds after the 'rotate' call, at an airspeed of 115 kt and a height of between 30 feet and 100 feet agl, the no. 2 engine suffered a catastrophic failure resulting in a sudden loss of power and an immediate substantial nacelle fire. The aircraft yawed 11deg to the right of the runway heading. The Commander took over control and the crew were told by the senior cabin attendant that the right engine was on fire. Engine power was reduced and the aircraft yawed 14.5° to the left of runway heading. Four seconds later, the sound of the engine fire warning bell was recorded. The aircraft was in the air for a total period of 27 seconds before it touched down. Some 8 minutes after takeoff from Mexico City an engine failure was reported. ATC vectored the Convair for a runway 05R ILS approach. The Convair couldn't maintain height and the crew requested vectors for a runway 23L landing. The aircraft crashed while trying to make an emergency landing on a road, shortly after reporting a fire in the no. 2 engine.The Antonov was flying regularly from Tumbes to Piura to evacuate people stranded by El Nino-driven floods. The plane had taken off at 09:10 from Tumbes. While approaching Piura one of the engines failed. The pilot from the heavily loaded aircraft couldn't maintain height. The Antonov eventually struck three houses of a shantytown and crashed into a canal.The Antonov was flying regularly from Tumbes to Piura to evacuate people stranded by El Nino-driven floods. The plane had taken off at 09:10 from Tumbes. While approaching Piura one of the engines failed. The pilot from the heavily loaded aircraft couldn't maintain height. The Antonov eventually struck three houses of a shantytown and crashed into a canal.A Learjet 24B, N100DL, overran the end of runway 07 on landing roll at Orlando Executive Airport (ORL) in Orlando, Florida. The airplane was owned by AJM Airplane Company and operated by Panther Aviation for the purpose of transporting a human organ transplant team. The pilot, first officer and four passengers were not injured and the airplane received substantial damage.Flight PR 137 was a regular scheduled passenger flight and departed Manila for Bacolod at 18:40. The airplane departed with the thrust reverser of engine no. 1 inoperative. An Aérospatiale SN-601 Corvette, N600RA, experienced a loss of control during an attempted takeoff from runway 10L at Portland International Airport, Portland, Oregon, and impacted signs, lights, and terrain on the airport property. The aircraft slid upright for approximately 1/2 mile following initial ground contact and came to rest on airport property southeast of the runway 10L departure end. The airplane was substantially damaged in the occurrence. The commercial pilot-in-command and three passengers escaped the aircraft without injury; there was no qualified second-in-command aboard. The Boeing 727 passenger jet operated on a flight from Sharjah to Kabul via Kandahar. The plane was descending for Kabul when it struck Shakh-e Barantay Mountain 300 feet below the summit. The weather was poor with rain and snow.When the crew boarded the aircraft in Hsinchu for the flight to Kaohsiung it had been a long and demanding day for the captain who was to fly the aircraft. He had been on duty more than 11 hours and performed nine flights. The accident flight, which was planned to be his last flight of the day, was to take place in darkness. The weather was above minima but IMC. During the pre-flight check the crew noted a failure in the RH Main Bus. This caused a number of systems to be unavailable, a.o.: the autopilot, the left hand EFIS, LH/RH Flight Director, LH RMI, EFIS Comparators, and the no. 2 engine anti-ice start bleed valve being open (as a result of this, the ITT on this engine was approximately 15°C higher than normal at selected power on this engine). Despite the fact that, according to the Minimum Equipment List (MEL), taking off for a flight with any of the Main Buses inoperative was not allowed, the captain decided to continue.Reported damaged beyond repair in takeoff accident.Damaged beyond repair.The BAe-146 was approaching Hwange with the weather information given as "Few 7,000 FT CB scattered 7,000 feet". When queried by crew on the presence of a storm on the approach to runway 08, the tower replied that there were light showers. Surface winds speed was reported as 8 kts. The area west of the approach beacon, 4.4. DME from the runway, was reported as in the clear. At a height of 750 feet above ground level the aircraft encountered heavy rain and severe windshear. Windshear recovery was initiated and maximum thrust applied, but the plane continued to descend at an average vertical speed of 2400 ft/min and struck trees. The crew decided to divert to Harare. Tree damage made it impossible to lower the nose gear. The aircraft landed on the main gear on a foamed runway.The Boeing 707, carrying a consignment of (34 tons) fish from Mwanza to Cairo via Mombasa took off from Mombasa Moi Airport at 16:31. The plane struck approach lights following takeoff from runway 03. It then struck a hilly mound, rolled and crashed into the ground. The 707 disintegrated and caught fire.An engine failed shortly after takeoff, forcing the crew to make a turn back to the airport. The wing struck a house, causing the Let to crash into a street, out of control.Flight 8315 departed Memphis (MEM) at 04:13 for a cargo flight to Bowling Green, KY. The aircraft was flying level at an altitude of about 9000 feet, on the Nashville VOR 315-degree radial, about 25 nm (46 km), when radio and radar contact was lost. It appeared that the Caravan had experienced a slow reduction of airspeed from 135 knots to 102 kts in the final 8 minutes of flight at altitude, and then abruptly exhibited a sharp nose down pitch attitude with a rapid increase in airspeed. The airplane impacted on a downward slope (20-25 deg) of a small ridge that formed the northern side of a valley that ran east-west, at an elevation of about 470 feet.A Cessna 650, N502T, experienced a nose gear collapse during an overrun landing on runway 09 (5,502' x 100') at the Manistee County - Blacker Airport, Michigan. The captain, co-pilot, and seven passengers on board were not injured. The airplane was substantially damaged. The flight originated from Waukegan, Illinois, at 07:37 CST.An Airbus A300-600R, operated by American Airlines as flight AA699, was damaged on the underside of the lower fuselage when the tail section struck the runway surface during landing at V. C. Bird International Airport in St. Johns, Antigua. The extent of the airplane damage was substantial. The 170 occupants were not injured. The aircraft ran off the runway following application of reverse thrust. The undercarriage collapsed.A CASA C-212 Aviocar was destroyed when it crashed near Quibaxe, Angola while on a domestic flight from Luanda (LAD) to Cafunfo Airport (CFF).Crashed into mountain between Cagayan and Butuan.The flight was initially delayed for about two hours because of problems involving fuel and the excess number of passengers and baggage in relation to the aircraft's capacity. Shortly after takeoff, the aircraft suffered engine problems. The HS-748 then crashed 100 m past the runway end. The aircraft crashed short of runway 17 in bad visibility after circling the airport for approx. one hour. The aircraft clipped trees and power lines, lost control and crashed 700 m short of the runway threshold.A forced landing was made in the taiga while on final approach to Shushenskoye. The nosegear collapsed on landing. Weather was poor including 400 m visibility in fog and snow.On it's way from St. Mary's to Kenai the aircraft suffered engine problems (no. 2 prop overspeed). The engine was feathered, and the crew elected to divert to Aniak. When the no. 1 engine produced banging noises, forcing the crew to divert to nearby Sparrevohn. Sparrevohn Airport is located on the slope of mountainous terrain, approach is only authorized during daylight, with a landing approach only from the South and a go-around improbable.The Propair Inc. Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, with two pilots and ten passengers on board, was preparing to make a charter flight under instrument flight rules from Sept-Îles Airport, QC (YZV) to Montreal-Dorval International Airport, QC (YUL). At 17:00, the co-pilot, in the left seat, began the takeoff roll on runway 09. At an indicated airspeed of about 90 knots, 5 knots below rotation speed (VR), the aircraft began to drift to the left, toward the runway edge. The copilot attempted unsuccessfully to correct the takeoff track using the rudder. At around 100 knots, just before the aircraft exited the runway, the co-pilot pulled the elevator control all the way back and initiated a climb. At about the same moment, the pilot-in-command throttled back, believing that a collision with the snowbank at the runway edge was inevitable. The aircraft descended until it struck the snow-covered surface to the north of the runway and slid on its belly before coming to rest on a heading opposite to the takeoff heading. The pilot-in-command was slightly injured. The aircraft sustained considerable damage. The occupants used the main door to evacuate the aircraft.Landed back after gear retraction on takeoff. The Ilyushin collided with a building, and came to rest 270 m past the runway end, 120 m left of the extended centerline.Landed next to runway, 77 m from the threshold; came to rest against a building with the nosegear collapsed.Crashed on landing.A man armed with a knife seized control of the plane at Nelson. The man drove up to the aircraft, parked on the tarmac and took as hostages the pilot, copilot, and steward, who were going through post-arrival checks. After the airport was cordoned off, a police negotiator boarded the aircraft and negotiated the release of the three crew members. The man complied with the police request to put down his weapon, and he was taken into custody.An All Nippon Airways (ANA) Boeing 777 aircraft was hijacked by a 31-year-old Japanese man. Twenty minutes into the flight the man removed a cookingThe aircraft crashed into the sea whilst on a maritime surveillance mission to check a suspected Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) vessel on the north-eastern coast of Sri Lanka.On January 9, 1997 the aircraft belly landed at Uberaba during a training flight. Temporary repairs were carried out and the aircraft left Uberaba on January 17. The cabin was pressurized during this flight, resulting in additional damage to the fuselage shortly after lift-off. The aircraft returned safely and was considered damaged beyond repair.Snow dragged the airplane left on landing, causing it to depart the left side of runway 23. The airplane slid sideways about 300 yards before coming to a stop.The left hand main gear collapsed on landing. The aircraft ran off the side of the runway and caught fire.The aircraft suddenly went off the runway after landing, ran through a ditch, causing the undercarriage to collapse.The Embraer aircraft had departed Cincinnati at 14:53 for a flight to Detroit. Thirty-eight seconds before impact the aircraft was flying at 4000 feet with a speed of 164 knots, flaps and gear retracted and engines at flight idle. After making a turn to a 090deg. heading, the Brasilia then started a slight roll to the left. When the angle was about 20deg. left wing down, the crew tried to counteract the roll (t-33 sec). The bank angle increased through 30deg. at t-29 sec, followed by an increase in engine power when the crew tried to stop the pitch from decreasing at t-26 sec. At t-17 sec airspeed had dropped to 145 knots when a rapid roll from 40deg. to 146deg. left bank was experienced. At t-10 sec the pitch decreased from 3deg. nose-up to 50deg. nose-down. The aircraft descended out of control, experiencing some steep roll and pitch oscillations and crashed nose down into a snowy field 18 miles short of the Detroit-Metropolitan Airport runway 03. There were indications that the pilots had tried to activate the engine-fire extinguishing system, though no traces of fire on the no. 2 engine have been found by the NTSB.A Bosnian male refugee hijacked Austrian Airlines flight OS 104 en route to Vienna. The hijacker gained access to the cockpit while carrying a wooden baton and a small knife with a nine centimeter (3 1/2 inch) blade. He reportedly concealed the knife in his jacket prior to boarding the aircraft. The hijacker was apparently motivated by the fact that his German visa was to expire the following week, and he reportedly feared repatriation in Bosnia. He demanded that the pilot return the aircraft to Berlin. The plane landed safely at Berlin’s Tegel Airport and was moved to an isolated area. While local authorities communicated with the hijacker in the front of the plane, German police entered the plane from the rear. They overpowered the hijacker, who was intoxicated, and placed him under arrest. There were no injuries to passengers or crew members. According to airport security personnel, the knife used by the hijacker was small enough under airline regulations to be allowed aboard the aircraft. On July 25, the hijacker was tried, convicted, and sentenced to seven years in prison.A de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter 300 passenger plane sustained substantial damage in an accident on Mount Vaea, Samoa. Two of the three passengers and one of the two pilots were killed.Instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the destination Grand Canyon and the aircraft was cleared for a localizer instrument approach. The weather was below landing minimums and the pilot executed a missed approach. He then diverted to the company designated alternate airport at Bullhead City. The aircraft was 6.5 miles out on final approach for Bullhead City runway 34 when both engines lost power. A forced landing was carried out in a dry wash. The gear collapsed and the aircraft skidded 100 feet before coming to rest near Highway 95.Caravan C-FTZF was cleared for takeoff at Nakina (YQN) runway 09. Some 3/4 of the way through the takeoff run, a yaw to the right was experienced.A Learjet 23, N37BL, was substantially damaged when it landed gear up at the Oakdale, California, airport. Both pilots were not injured. The flight was operating on a familiarization and training flight. Visual meteorological conditions prevailed and no flight plan was filed.The aircraft took off from Exeter at 22:37 for a flight to East Midlands.A Fokker 100, operated by US Airways as flight 861, experienced loss of directional control while landing at the Birmingham Municipal Airport, Birmingham, Alabama. The airplane was substantially damaged. The flight originated about 16:12, from the Charlotte/Douglas International Airport.A lone hijacker seized control of a Turkish Airlines (THY) Avro RJ100 aircraft with 63 passengers and five crew members shortly after takeoff from Adana. The plane was on a domestic flight en route to Ankara. The hijacker, a Turkish male, claimed to have an explosive device hidden in a toy panda bear and demanded to be taken to Tehran, Iran. The pilot told the hijacker that Tehran’s airport was closed and persuaded him to allow the plane to land at Diyarbakir Airport in Turkey for refueling. Shortly after the plane landed, 20 passengers were released by the hijacker, but Turkish officials refused to refuel the plane. The hijacker then demanded a separate plane to fly him and seven hostages--the pilot, copilot, and five passengers--to Tehran. As Turkish security forces were preparing to assault the plane, several passengers overpowered the hijacker and he was taken into custody. No explosives or weapons were found on the plane, and no one was injured. The hijacker’s motive is unknown, but he reportedly said that he was protesting the oppression of Muslims in Algeria. On December 15 the hijacker was sentenced to a prison term of eight years and four months.The Boeing 737 completed a flight from Lagos (LOS) through Abuja (ABV) to Kaduna (KAD) and was parked for over an hour. At 14:45 UTC, the Chief Pilot of Chanchangi Airline approached the Air Traffic Controller stating that he would like to fly around the circuit for a training flight. He was told that the visibility was 600 meters which was below the landing minima and was then advised against it. The pilot then suggested that he would carry out a "Rejected Takeoff" training.The Boeing 737 completed a flight from Lagos (LOS) through Abuja (ABV) to Kaduna (KAD) and was parked for over an hour. At 14:45 UTC, the Chief Pilot of Chanchangi Airline approached the Air Traffic Controller stating that he would like to fly around the circuit for a training flight. He was told that the visibility was 600 meters which was below the landing minima and was then advised against it. The pilot then suggested that he would carry out a "Rejected Takeoff" training.The flightcrew had performed four flights that day (Barcelona-Palma de Mallorca-Alicante-Valencia-Barcelona) when they departed Barcelona at 22:38 UTC (23:38 local time) for a cargo flight to Brussels. Weather at the time of departure included wind 2 knots at 270 degrees, 2000 m visibility in fog. Nine minutes after takeoff, while climbing through 8400 feet, the crew radioed that they wanted to return to the airport: "Requeririamos volver al campo". This request was granted and the pilot was told to contact Barcelona Approach. The approach controller cleared the flight for a runway 07 approach. After having been cleared down to 6000 feet and 3000 feet, the crew were told to contact Barcelona Tower at 22:59. At 23:00:15 the aircraft passed the Outer Marker at 1500 feet, with an airspeed of 170 knots. At a distance of 3,7nm from the QUV VOR the aircraft started deviating from the localizer course. One minute later the aircraft contacted the ground at a speed of 130 knots, crashed and caught fire.The Gulfstream ran off the side of the runway after the no. 2 propeller reportedly went into fine pitch. The undercarriage collapsed. The airplane is believed to have sustained irreparable damage.The Antonov landed at Nasir, but overshot the runway, plunging into the Sobat River. First Vice President al-Zubair Muhammad Saleh and several other government officials were killed in the accident.The Antonov landed at Nasir, but overshot the runway, plunging into the Sobat River. First Vice President al-Zubair Muhammad Saleh and several other government officials were killed in the accident.The Embraer had just finished its 1st training cycle of the day. After a full stop landing on runway 30, the aircraft taxied back to the threshold for anotherOverran the runway on landing.The Shorts 360 departed Benbecula for the final leg of the day to Stornoway. Weather at Stornoway was report as: wind 260°/ 08 kt, visibility 15 km in light drizzle, cloud few at 800 feet and broken at 1,400 feet agl, temperature plus 7°C and QNH 1002 mb. The captain then briefed for a NDB/DME approach for runway 36. The initial approach was normal and the crew were VMC at a range of approximately 8 nm from the airfield. At this stage the captain was certain of his geographical position and, with the agreement of his first officer, decided to continue visually. Although they were in sight of the surface, there appeared to be some patchy cloud in the direction of the airfield and neither pilot could see the runway. Descent was continued and flaps set to 15 degrees. At that point the flight was level at the minimum descent altitude (MDA) of 430 feet amsl. Visual contact with the runway was acquired and the PAPI showed four whites. The captain considered going around, but, considering the length of Stornoway runway (7218 feet / 2200 m), decided to land. Full flaps were selected. On finals the speed fluctuated between +10 and -5 relating to the 103 kts landing speed. Touchdown was 'firm'. The crew heard a 'bang' and the left side of the aircraft went down. The airplane slewed to the left.At 12:20 the private jet departed Geneva for a short flight to Chambéry. Twelve minutes later Chambéry APP cleared the flight for an ILS approach to runway 18. Visibility was 2500 metres with mist hanging over the Lac du Bourget near the airport. At 12:37, with 4 nm to go, the crew were cleared to land. The airplane then descended below the glideslope and flew into the water 0,6 nm short of the threshold.At 12:20 the private jet departed Geneva for a short flight to Chambéry. Twelve minutes later Chambéry APP cleared the flight for an ILS approach to runway 18. Visibility was 2500 metres with mist hanging over the Lac du Bourget near the airport. At 12:37, with 4 nm to go, the crew were cleared to land. The airplane then descended below the glideslope and flew into the water 0,6 nm short of the threshold.The no. 1 engine had to be feathered following takeoff and the aircraft returned to the airport. The remaining no. 2 engine quit while on finals and the DC-3 crashed short of the runway.The no. 1 engine had to be feathered following takeoff and the aircraft returned to the airport. The remaining no. 2 engine quit while on finals and the DC-3 crashed short of the runway.The no. 1 engine had to be feathered following takeoff and the aircraft returned to the airport. The remaining no. 2 engine quit while on finals and the DC-3 crashed short of the runway.Damaged beyond repair by tornado which measured wind speeds of up to 104 mph at the airport.Damaged beyond repair by a tornado.Damaged beyond repair by tornado which measured wind speeds of up to 104 mph at the airport.Damaged beyond repair by tornado which measured wind speeds of up to 104 mph at the airport.The flight departed Manteo at about 18:15 en route to Edenton (EDE) to pick up cargo, under a contract with United Parcel Services (UPS). Witnesses reported that there was heavy fog at Edenton and the visibility was below 1/4 mile. The published non-direction beacon (NDB) approach for the airport was not authorized at night. While on approach to either runway 1 or runway 05, the flight struck power lines, located about 1/2 mile (0,8 km) southwest of the airport. The airplane came to rest in 5 feet of water, about 600 feet offshore.Cebu Pacific Flight 387 departed Manila at 09:16 for a flight to Cagayan de Oro. The flight made an unscheduled stop at Tacloban at 09:53 to deliver some spare tires for another Cebu Pacific DC-9 (RP-C1506) stranded at Tacloban. The flight left Tacloban again after 9 minutes for a 61-minute flight to Cagayan de Oro. Last radio contact was at 10:48 while flying at FL115 over Claveria.The airplane encountered freezing rain about 5 miles south of the Port Heiden Airport (PTH) while in cruise at 1200 feet msl, and rapidly accumulated ice on the airframe, wings, and windshield. The pilot said he initially changed altitude in an attempt to exit the icing conditions. Ice accumulation continued, so he elected to return to Port Heiden. While maneuvering to land at the airport, the airplane was unable to maintain altitude while at full engine power. The pilot related that any angle of bank resulted in the onset of prestall buffet. He stated that he decided to land on a frozen lake south of the airport. He said that the airplane did not reach the lake, "mushed into the ground," and that when he attempted to flare to land, the left wing stalled.The airplane encountered freezing rain about 5 miles south of the Port Heiden Airport (PTH) while in cruise at 1200 feet msl, and rapidly accumulated ice on the airframe, wings, and windshield. The pilot said he initially changed altitude in an attempt to exit the icing conditions. Ice accumulation continued, so he elected to return to Port Heiden. While maneuvering to land at the airport, the airplane was unable to maintain altitude while at full engine power. The pilot related that any angle of bank resulted in the onset of prestall buffet. He stated that he decided to land on a frozen lake south of the airport. He said that the airplane did not reach the lake, "mushed into the ground," and that when he attempted to flare to land, the left wing stalled.The aircraft reportedly suffered a no. 2 engine failure on takeoff. The F-27 swerved to the right off the runway, collided with an embankment and caught fire.Damaged beyond repair after jumping chocks and colliding with a GPU.During the landing roll, a fire erupted in the right engine. The airplane was stopped on the runway, the engines were shut down, and the occupants evacuated. The fire handles for both engines were pulled and both fire bottles on the right engine discharged. However, the fire on the right engine continued to burn. The airport fire services attended shortly afterwards and extinguished the fire.A Beechcraft 1900D, N854CA, operating US Airways Express flight 4479, was substantially damaged while landing at the Saranac Lake-Adirondack Regional Airport (SLK), New York. There were no injuries.The ATR-42 landed hard on the nose wheel on runway 03 following a strong gust of wind from the left just before touchdown. The crew attempted to go-around, but this attempt failed and the aircraft entered the grass next to the runway. Wind was reported 310deg/26-36 knots gusting to 42 kts.At 17:00 Alberta Citylink flight 933 took off from Calgary on a scheduled flight to Lloydminster. The crew planned a non-precision automatic direction finder (ADF) approach to runway 25 at Lloydminster with an overcast ceiling of 400 feet, visibility of 5 statute miles in blowing snow and mist, and the wind from 110 degrees true at 7 knots. When the aircraft was inbound, the flight service station (FSS) specialist reported that the visibility had decreased to 3 sm. The crew were aware of approximately to ¼ inch build-up of ice on the aircraft during descent and so planned for a flap 20 landing. The first officer was flying the approach from the right-hand seat while the captain was monitoring the instruments and looking outside the aircraft for visual contact with the runway environment. When the captain saw the runway from the minimum descent altitude (MDA), he took control for the landing. The aircraft was north of the extended centre line of runway 25. Flaps 35 was selected, the power was reduced to flight idle, a turn to regain the centre line was carried out, and a descent was commenced from MDA. The aircraft contacted the runway surface heavily, moving left to right. As a result, the left main landing gear collapsed. Both propellers struck the runway, and the left propeller separated from the engine. The aircraft slid along the runway on the belly pod for a distance of about 1 800 feet. The left wing contacted the snow on the edge of the runway, resulting in a turn of about 160 degrees. The evacuation took place immediately after the aircraft came to rest; all occupants escaped quickly through the right, over-wing exit.Descended below the glideslope during the second runway 26 approach, struck trees and crashed. The first officer's instruments were displaying a false full fly-down glideslope indication because of a failed amplifier in the navigation receiver.The Antonov was carrying Taliban soldiers from Kandahar to Herat when bad weather at Herat made the crew decide to divert to Quetta, Pakistan. Fuel exhaustion caused the plane to crash 110 km N of Quetta. The Antonov disintegrated on impact. The Antonov was carrying Taliban soldiers from Kandahar to Herat when bad weather at Herat made the crew decide to divert to Quetta, Pakistan. Fuel exhaustion caused the plane to crash 110 km N of Quetta. The Antonov disintegrated on impact. THY Turkish Airlines flight TK-74 from Istanbul-Atatürk to Samsun Airport was damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion accident. There were no injuries among the 68 passengers and six crew members.During takeoff from runway 03 the aircraft drifted to the left off the runway and ran over a runway light about 500 feet from the departure end. The aircraft returned to the runway about 400 feet from the departure end and then proceeded across the runway and went off the right side of the runway near the departure end. The aircraft continued on a 040-degree heading and as the terrain dropped off the Cessna became airborne, colliding with trees where it came to rest about 500 feet from the departure end of the runway and 75 feet to the right of the extended centerline. Investigation revealed that the pilot had been in a hurry on some previous flights that day because he had to get to a birthday party.The aircraft landed slightly past the normal touchdown point. It bounced twice before skidding and then weaved about the runway centre line. The aircraft overran the runway paved surface and crashed into a drain.The airplane landed long, overran runway 10, struck the ILS localizer antenna on the departure end of the runway, and came to rest at the edge of a mobile home park. Speed was excessive on touchdown. Factors were fog and the wet runway.Iran Air Flight 378, a Fokker 100, departed Urmia (Orumiyeh) Airport (OMH) at 18:41 on a domestic flight to Tehran-Mehrabad Airport (THR). The flight was descending towards Tehran when the crew decided to divert to Isfahan.Damaged in an accident. Date has also reported being March 29, 1998.The airplane was flying the 8 mile DME arc to intercept the localizer in night-time IMC conditions when the airplane impacted the ground.At an indicated airspeed of 45 knots during the takeoff roll, ice formed between the inner and outer windshield panes, with the icing following the flow of heated air through the windshield. The crew's forward visibility was obscured, and the takeoff was aborted. The captain reported that the airplane drifted left into snow berms on the side of the 4200 feet long by 85 feet wide runway and caught fire. Brake failure on landing. Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.Crashed.A DC-4 transport plane operated by the Chad Air Force was struck by a SAM-7 missile while en route from N'Djamena.While taking off from runway 22L engine no. 1 (General Electric CF6-50C) suffered a failure following ingestion of birds. The flightcrew returned to Copenhagen for an emergency landing. It appeared that 9-15 'Larus Ridibundas' birds weighing 241 - 338 gr. had been ingested.While taking off from runway 22L engine no. 1 (General Electric CF6-50C) suffered a failure following ingestion of birds. The flightcrew returned to Copenhagen for an emergency landing. It appeared that 9-15 'Larus Ridibundas' birds weighing 241 - 338 gr. had been ingested.While taking off from runway 22L engine no. 1 (General Electric CF6-50C) suffered a failure following ingestion of birds. The flightcrew returned to Copenhagen for an emergency landing. It appeared that 9-15 'Larus Ridibundas' birds weighing 241 - 338 gr. had been ingested.The no. 2 prop had to be feathered because the engine RPM exceeded 3000 and couldn't be controlled. The no. 1 engine then overheated and lost power. A ditching was carried out off Fort Lauderdale.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.On the ground at Toronto cattle pens were installed and a cargo of 86 cattle was loaded. The Boeing 707 took off at 04:47 GMT for a flight to Edmonton. The en route part of the flight was uneventful. At 08:29 the flight was cleared for a straight in back-course ILS approach to runway 29. The first officer, who had just been promoted to Boeing 707 operations, was to perform the approach in blowing snow conditions. This approach was the first one after a 6-week holiday, so he lacked recent Boeing 707-experience. With the added factors of fatigue, turbulent air, and a heavily loaded aircraft the situation would have become extremely difficult. At some point late in the approach the captain took over control of the aircraft and tried to arrest the sink rate. The plane contacted poplar trees, 3137 m short of the runway. It struck the ground a glancing blow, and the tail fin struck powerlines. The aircraft finally struck a large ridge in the middle of a gravel pit. The cockpit section and a forward portion of the fuselage broke away and 86 cattle, the cargo on board, shot forward through the open front section of the fuselage and were thrown a distance of up to 100 m. A fire erupted.The Comet, on a flight from Algiers, struck sand dunes at 395 feet while making an ADF approach procedure turn for runway 18.Controlled flight into terrain.Three hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The Martin undershot the runway causing the landing gear to collapse.The Antonov took off at 16:35 for a flight to Wroclaw. After passing the NDB, the flight was now descending towards the Outer Marker, Wroclaw Control Zone warned that the visibility had deteriorated to 800 m (minimum = 1100 m). The approach was continued and the aircraft passed the Outer Marker at 50-60 m (instead of 225 m). The pilot was then advised that the visibility had further deteriorated to 400 m, but he still continued. At a height of 10 m (700 m past the Outer Marker) the wings struck treetops. Part of the right wing broke off and the aircraft banked 40deg to the right. The Antonov struck 2 30.000 Volt power lines, electric traction cables of a railway and slid on the ground, coming to rest on a road.En route from Bradley Field to Binghampton, the Flying Boxcar suffered an uncontained engine failure. The crew decided to bail out. The first crew member got out at an altitude of about 2000 feet. The captain and co-pilot were not able to get out in time. The airplane descended and crashed into a lakefront house, also killing a boy on the ground.Crashed.The C-82A Packet operated on a ferry flight to Fairbanks, AK (FAI). The pilot had received en route sky conditions, but did not receive a weather briefing. Carburettor icing en route caused a loss of power on both engines. The pilot made a forced landing in blowing snow conditions in a remote part of Alaska, some 100 miles North of Fairbanks.The aircraft was performing a low pass training when, at 150 feet, the aircraft descended fast and struck the runway. The Convair slid and caught fire.A Boeing KC-135A-BN Stratotanker US Air Force tanker plane was destroyed when it crashed following a mid-air collision with a B-47 bomber over the Atlantic Ocean.An Ilyushin 62 jetliner was destroyed when it crashed on takeoff from Moscow's Ramenskoye Airport. Ten of the seventeen crew members were killed.Destroyed in ground collision with South Vietnamese Air Force Douglas A-1H Skyraider.The DC-6 struck the a snow covered glacier on the west slope of Mt Rainier at an elevation of 10200 feet msl (3108 m).A full flap landing was carried out, followed by flap-retraction to practice a no-flap takeoff. The Fairchild veered left upon rotation and cartwheeled off the runway, coming to rest 557 feet left of the runway and 6000 feet from the takeoff end. It appeared that the right inboard and outboard flaps were fully extended; the left inboard flap was extended 17 degrees and the left outboard flap was fully retracted.Weather at Jersey was deteriorating and the runway visual range was below minima. The crew decided to continue to Jersey and attempt a runway 27 approach. The first approach had to abandoned and a second approach was made during which the aircraft struck outermost pole of the approach lighting system at 58 feet height, 3000 feet short of the threshold. The DC-3 crashed into a field and caught fire. The air hostess survived the accident.Damaged beyond repair when it veered off the runway on takeoff.Damaged beyond repair.Hit mountains near Pleiku while attempting a supply drop in bad weather.Two Ju-52's of nine ship formation collided during paradrop. The crews on both aircraft and eight skydivers on one aircraft died.Two Ju-52's of nine ship formation collided during paradrop. The crews on both aircraft and eight skydivers on one aircraft died.Undercarriage collapsed on takeoff. Damaged beyond repair.Flying Boxcar arrived at Homestead AFB at 17:04 and was prepared for a flight to Grand Turk. It then took off at 19:47 with 4 additional mechanics who were to fix the engine of a C-119 stranded on Grand Turk. The airplane never arrived at the destination and was declared missing. Crashed during an emergency landing.Lost electrical power while attempting to take off from runway 21. The KC-135 crashed.Not providedThe Dakota was damaged beyond repair following an explosion of a bomb.Damaged beyond repair.A sudden wind gust (crosswind component estimated to be 28 kts) caused a premature lift-off on takeoff. The aircraft stalled and crashed.A Boeing 720-040B passenger plane, operated by Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) was destroyed when it crashed while on approach to Cairo International Airport (CAI), Egypt. All 13 crew members and 108 passengers were killed. Six passengers survived.Damaged in forced landing.A Douglas C-133B-DL Cargomaster transport plane en route from Okinawa to Midway Island, sank after ditching off shore from Okinawa, Japan. All nine crew members survived.An engine failed on takeoff. A forced landing was carried out, but the undercarriage collapsed.Lost at sea off Japan during a routine patrol flight.The Hercules crashed during a night training flight due to elevator trim failure on takeoff.The aircraft took off for a demonstration flight but crashed on a hill 1,3 km from the runway end.Crashed at the end of the runway.Mid-air collision with Lockheed TF-104G Starfighter DA+366 (cn 5733) from JG31 which was on night radar low level. The Starfighter made a safe emergency landing at Hopsten Air Base. The Noratlas continued the approach and landed safe as well.The Douglas C-47 transport plane was damaged in an accident near Mendoza, Argentina. The HansaJet prototype was in the midst of stall configuration tests at 22,000 feet. when it attained an extreme angle of attack resulting in a superstall. The airplane then entered an uncontrollable flat spin. Two crew members were able to parachute to safety.Crashed.The aircraft had been cleared for a runway 30 approach when the approach controller informed the crew that visibility was below minima with clouds 6/8 stratus from 0-30 m.The DC-6 departed Tinker AFB on an IFR flight plan to Whiteman AFB. The crew soon cancelled IFR and continued VFR. The flight was cleared for a straight-in visual approach to runway 36. At that time a line of thunderstorms was located west of the field with portions moving across the approach path. The approach was continued with the flight encountering heavy rain and an area of reduced visibility. The DC-6 struck trees 4204 feet short of the runway threshold and 740 feet right of the extended centreline. The plane broke up and slid 1200 feet before coming to rest. A fire started near the left inboard fuel tanks.Crashed.The first C-2 prototype (modified E-2A Hawkeye) ditched into Long Island Sound while on a test flight. The crew died of exposure.Landing gear retraction inside hangar upon engine shutdown due to mispositioned locking pin. A ground crewman was trapped and crushed inside the wheel well.Crashed into mountain in poor weather following a go-around. The airplane was returning from a flare dropping mission.Dove into the sea following onboard flare explosion. The AC-47D gunship was orbiting off the coast of Cam Ranh, dropping flares.Dove into the sea following onboard flare explosion. The AC-47D gunship was orbiting off the coast of Cam Ranh, dropping flares.The EC-121 plane took off from Otis AFB at 18:58. Eight minutes later the crew reported a fire in the no. 3 engine. They would attempt an emergency landing at Nantucket, but did not make it. The airplane crashed just offshore into the sea.Five hijackers. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.The undercarriage wouldn't lock up after takeoff, so the crew recycled the gear a couple of times. On the third attempt, the bogie (which was not rotating in the right sequence) fouled the main hydraulic jack fracturing the attachment bolt of the shuttle valve for the main and emergency 'down' hydraulic lines. All hydraulic fluid escaped and the gear couldn't be extended anymore. An emergency landing was carried out on a foamed runway at Manston.A Bristol 175 Britannia passenger plane was destroyed when it impacted the groud near Nicosia Airport in Cyprus. Of the 130 occuptants just four survived.Explosion during servicing of the landing gear; damaged beyond repair.Crashed following lightning strike.The aircraft belly landed because the crew had failed to select the gear down. Weather conditions were poor at the time of the accident due to heavy snowfall.The Hercules transport plane landed at the airstrip at Bao Loc but failed to decelerate as expected. The captain decided to go around and added power. The airplane struck a small hill just beyond the end of the runway. It went into a ravine, setting off the cargo of ammunition.Damaged beyond repair when nose wheel collapsed on landing. The airplane operated on a resupply flight.The reconnaissance airplane nosed over during a landing attempt at Pico da Bandeira. The crew was slightly injured. Airplane participated on anti-Guerilla mission.The C-141 had arrived at Cam Ranh Bay after a flight from Yokota AB, Japan. It was prepared for a night departure back to Yokota. While taxiing to the runway for takeoff the crew completed the Before Takeoff Checklist. The copilot inadvertently missed the item referring to the automatic Spoiler Select Switch. The switch should have been in the "Rejected Takeoff" (RTO) position, but was in the "Autoland" position when the airplane departed. Unnoticed by the crew, between 34-60 Knots, the spoilers automatically deployed to the ground position. The crew noticed a reduced acceleration rate, but elected to continue the takeoff. The aircraft became airborne, accelerated poorly and began a shallow descent. It crashed into the sea just off the end of the runway.On approach to Nizhniye Kresty Airport, the pilot mistook the empty barrels which marked the beginning of the snow airstrip for parked helicopters. The pilot made an emergency turn out, causing the aircraft to stall. It crashed on the ice of the Kolyma river 3,5 km from the airstrip.The crew continued VFR flight in adverse weather conditions. The Lodestar collided with the ground.Crashed into a mountainside in the Sahara.The C-47B was flying a survey line at 400 feet agl when there seemed to be an oil leak in the no. 2 engine. The prop was feathered and power on the no. 1 engine was increased. The no. 1 prop ran away, causing drag on the engine. Attempts to unfeather the no. 2 engine again failed and the aircraft struck the ground.A Curtiss C-46 transport plane of the Republic of Korea Air Force's 5th Air Transport Squadron was destroyed in an accident near Seoul-Yeouido Air Base, South Korea. All fifteen on board the plane and 44 people on the ground were killed.The IL-18 passenger plane had arrived at Moscow's Domodedovo Airport following a flight from Krasnoyarsk. It was attached to the Separate Aviation Detachment number 235, a division of Aeroflot that was designated to carry the top leadership of the Communist Party and Soviet government. This division was based at Vnukovo Airport, so the plane was prepared for a night time IMC ferry flight to its base.The IL-18 passenger plane had arrived at Moscow's Domodedovo Airport following a flight from Krasnoyarsk. It was attached to the Separate Aviation Detachment number 235, a division of Aeroflot that was designated to carry the top leadership of the Communist Party and Soviet government. This division was based at Vnukovo Airport, so the plane was prepared for a night time IMC ferry flight to its base.During a training flight one of the engines was shut down at 600 feet agl in order to practice asymmetric flight. The prop didn't feather and the airspeed dropped below minimum control speed. The Twin Pioneer struck trees at a low forward speed and broke up. Fire broke out, but the crewmembers managed to escape.Ditched at sea. The aircraft operated on a flight from Miami to Asuncion.The AC-47D gunship was operating on a mission near Hoi An, protecting an outpost at night. While orbiting the outpost, it was hit by automatic weapons fire and subsequently crashed.Delta Air Lines DC-8-51 N802E was scheduled as Flight 9877, to provide crew training for a captain-trainee and a flight engineer-trainee. In addition the flight engineer-instructor was being given a routine proficiency check. Fuel leaking from the APU ignited and set fire to cargo, causing an in-flight fire. An intentional wheels up emergency landing was carried out. The fuel leak resulted from inadequate maintenance and inspection.Hit by machine gun fire on takeoff. The airplane crash-landed just beyond the airport perimeter. The AC-47D gunship was supposed to drop flares over an outpost to prevent it from being attacked at night.The C-141 had just landed on runway 17L/35R at Da Nang Air Base following a 6-hour night flight. Weather included a clouds at 700 feet and visibility of 2 miles. The pilot turned off the runway and taxied toward the ramp, crossing the active runway 17R/35L. At that moment a U.S. Marine Corps Grumman A-6A Intruder (152608) was taking off from that runway. The A-6 crew attempted to avoid the collision, but the airplane struck the nose of the C-141. It continued and crashed inverted. Both crew members survived the accident. The C-141 caught fire.Hit top of Cerro Terrón mountain during descent while on test flight. Aircraft remained flyable and force landed in hilly terrain. Three crew members and one of three technicians injured.Struck a dirt mount on landing, forcing the crew to carry out an overshoot. The aircraft circled the airport for 1 and 21 minutes to burn up fuel and a wheels up landing was carried out.Crashed.Crashed when master rod bearing failed. With wind gusts up to 60 mph the aircraft struck trees and crashed.The Herald had taken off from Beirut at 19:55 for a flight to Amman. The aircraft crashed on a 45-degree slope of a mountain at a height of 4200 feet msl.Ditched in shallow water following engine trouble, en route from Haiti to Florida.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.The Convair stalled and crashed into the sea.A de Havilland DH-125-1 corporate jet, registration F-BKMF, was destroyed when it struck the sea near Nice-Côte d'Azur Airport (NCE), France. Both pilots were killed in the accident. The airplane departed Cannes (CEQ) at 14:45 UTC and headed for Nice. The airplane would make a three fly past manoeuvres at the local Nice air show. The first fly past was performed at low height over the runway, heading 050. The crew made a right hand turn for another low pass in the opposite direction. The airplane made a right hand climbing turn to an altitude of 2000 feet. During this manoeuvre the airplane stalled and crashed in flames.Damaged beyond repair.The Hercules was carrying several floating mass-focus bombs in an attempt to blow up the Thanh Hoa Bridge over the Song Ma River. A large explosion was observed in the vicinity of the bridge and the airplane failed to return. HS-121 Trident G-ARPY departed Hatfield at 16:52 to carry out the first of a series of production test flights to qualify for a Series Certificate of Airworthiness. At 18:30, after completing a large part of the tests, the stalling tests were begun. Three approaches to stall were made to check the stall warning and stall recovery systems. The fourth stalling run was made at a height of 11600 ft in landing configuration with the stall warning and recovery systems made inoperative. The Trident entered a superstall with the nose pitched up to 30-40 degrees. The plane turned to the left, the right wing dropped and the plane then went into a flat spin to the right.HS-121 Trident G-ARPY departed Hatfield at 16:52 to carry out the first of a series of production test flights to qualify for a Series Certificate of Airworthiness. At 18:30, after completing a large part of the tests, the stalling tests were begun. Three approaches to stall were made to check the stall warning and stall recovery systems. The fourth stalling run was made at a height of 11600 ft in landing configuration with the stall warning and recovery systems made inoperative. The Trident entered a superstall with the nose pitched up to 30-40 degrees. The plane turned to the left, the right wing dropped and the plane then went into a flat spin to the right.A Boeing KC-135A Stratotanker was destroyed in a takeoff accident at Okinawa-Kadena AFB (DNA), Japan. All eleven on board and one person on the ground were killed.On landing the nose wheel tire recap separated, striking and disconnecting the nose gear torque link pins. The landing gear leg then collapsed. The DC-7 named "Mainliner Capt. Ralph Johnston" was consequently sold to Barter Machinery & Supply and broken up.On landing the nose wheel tire recap separated, striking and disconnecting the nose gear torque link pins. The landing gear leg then collapsed. The DC-7 named "Mainliner Capt. Ralph Johnston" was consequently sold to Barter Machinery & Supply and broken up.On landing the nose wheel tire recap separated, striking and disconnecting the nose gear torque link pins. The landing gear leg then collapsed. The DC-7 named "Mainliner Capt. Ralph Johnston" was consequently sold to Barter Machinery & Supply and broken up.The Provider operated on a night time mission to drop flares over friendly positions in South Vietnam. It was circling at a height of 6500 feet when it was struck by ground fire. A forced landing was attempted but the airplane crashed.Struck the ground during an oscillating unstable approach to land following a refueling mission.On May 15,1966, a Douglas AC-47D gunship, call sign "Spooky 10," departed Ubon RTAFB on an armed reconnaissance flight in central Laos. The DC-3 left Faleolo at 17:45 for a training flight. While descending back for Faleolo, a door was seen to separate from the aircraft, striking the tail. The DC-3 lost control and crashed into the sea.Lost control and crashed when a load of rice became stuck during an airdrop.The right hand main undercarriage collapsed on landing. The aircraft slid, causing the left hand gear to collapsed as well. A small fire erupted, but this was quickly contained.The right hand main undercarriage collapsed on landing. The aircraft slid, causing the left hand gear to collapsed as well. A small fire erupted, but this was quickly contained.Air America leased China Airlines' C-46 B-1535 and coded it "CA-1" in 1966. During takeoff, the plane experienced an over speed prop to 3000 RPM of the no. 1 engine at 80 knots. As there was little runway left and US military tents and aircraft on both sides, the pilot retracted the gear and belly-landed the plane into a field straight ahead.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed in sea.The An-2 was hijacked at Tuapse by a former Soviet Air Force and Aeroflot pilot who intended to escape to Turkey. The aircraft was intercepted by a Yak-28P and eventually shot down over the Black Sea by a MiG-17.Vickers Viscount ZS-CVA, named "Rietbok", was on a scheduled public transport flight SA406 from Port Elizabeth to Johannesburg via East London and Bloemfontein, South Africa. En route Olyokminsk to Yakutsk the right engine caught fire. The crew tried to force-land 86 km from Yakutsk in darkness and snowfall. The aircraft hit trees and crashed.Crashed when the crew's vision was obscured by dust from the rotor downwash of an Army Chinook transport helicopter.Sustained substantial damage when the airplane swung on takeoff.The Electra, named "Akaroa", landed heavily following a flight idle approach to Whenuapai. One of the main gear legs failed and the aircraft caught fire.On landing the aircraft did not decelerate as expected. To avoid overrunning the runway into the sea, the pilot groundlooped the plane to the left. The right undercarriage collapsed as a result.On landing the aircraft did not decelerate as expected. To avoid overrunning the runway into the sea, the pilot groundlooped the plane to the left. The right undercarriage collapsed as a result.Midair collision between a USAF Douglas C-47 and a North American T-39A Sabreliner jet (62-4458). Both aircraft crashed. All seven on board both planes died. The fatality index is presumed.Struck high tension cables and crashed.Midair collision between a USAF Douglas C-47 and a North American T-39A Sabreliner jet (62-4458). Both aircraft crashed. All seven on board both planes died. The fatality index is presumed.The starboard wing failed outside the no. 4 engine. Control was lost and the airplane crashed in a wooded gully.Veered off runway; damaged beyond repair.Crashed during night exercise. All 15 crew members from the 404 squadron and one government research scientist died in the accident.The Antonov undershot the runway on landing, hit a snowdrift, broke up and caught fire.The Antonov undershot the runway on landing, hit a snowdrift, broke up and caught fire.On approach to Cairo the gear had to be recycled a couple of times before three greens were obtained. The aircraft landed normally and taxied to the end of the runway. A 180-degree turn was made at the end, during which braking and steering failed. The Viscount ran into a row of lamp standards.The DC-3 was on a ferry flight from Miami to Air Manila and had left Gander for Santa Maria when a short distress message was heard. The aircraft was found to have crashed into the Trinity Bay area.Crashed in mountainous terrain.To avoid turbulence over the mountain area near Launceston, the cruising level was maintained prior to entry into the airport circuit pattern. Just prior to turning for finals, trouble was experienced in the pitch-lock mechanism of the no. 1 prop. The prop was feathered and the approach was continued with full flaps, but without immediately increasing power on the remaining engine. The high rate of descent was not arrested during the turn, resulting in a slightly low altitude. Power was added and speed reduced to control the descent rate, but the crew were unable to maintain runway heading. An overshoot was attempted, but the speed had dropped below minimum control speed. The left wing dropped as full power was applied to the no. 2 engine. The wing struck the ground and the aircraft crashed, coming to rest 740 feet abeam the runway threshold. Fuel tanks ruptured and caused a fire, which was quickly extinguished.The aircraft was taking off from Blanc Sablon Aerodrome. As it accelerated, the visibility decreased because of the glare of the landing lights on the falling snow. The aircraft deviated 10 or 15 degrees to the left without the crew being aware that this deviation had occurred and, after rolling for about 750 ft, it left the north side of the runway. The attempt to take off was continued. However, adequate speed could not be obtained. After a series of impacts, the aircraft came to rest about 3150 ft from the start of takeoff and about 700 ft short of the base of a sharply rising hill.A C-47 passenger plane was damaged beyond repair in a takeoff accident at Bucaramanga-Gomez Niño Airport, Colombia. All 34 occupants survived the accident.A C-47 passenger plane was damaged beyond repair in a takeoff accident at Bucaramanga-Gomez Niño Airport, Colombia. All 34 occupants survived the accident.The Ilyushin 18B was damaged in a gear-up landing at Frunze Airport. The aircraft operated on a flight from Tashkent and was approaching Frunze when it had to go around due to poor weather. The crew forgot to extend the landing gear on the second (or third) approach, leading to a gear-up landing. All crew and passengers escaped unhurt.Eastern Provincial Flight 102 departed Moncton at 06:35 on a flight to Torbay with several intermediate stops. The Herald departed Halifax's runway 33 at 09:10 and was instructed to turn right and climb to FL130. While climbing through FL120 the underfloor fuselage skin ruptured. It opened up sufficiently to be contacted by one of the propellers. Disruption of the structure and subsequent progressive separation of the nose and front fuselage resulted in failures of the control levers. Separation of the remaining empennage and the aft section of the fuselage followed instantaneously. The debris came down in heavily wooded rolling terrain.Eastern Provincial Flight 102 departed Moncton at 06:35 on a flight to Torbay with several intermediate stops. The Herald departed Halifax's runway 33 at 09:10 and was instructed to turn right and climb to FL130. While climbing through FL120 the underfloor fuselage skin ruptured. It opened up sufficiently to be contacted by one of the propellers. Disruption of the structure and subsequent progressive separation of the nose and front fuselage resulted in failures of the control levers. Separation of the remaining empennage and the aft section of the fuselage followed instantaneously. The debris came down in heavily wooded rolling terrain.The DC-3 crashed and burned on a thickly forested mountain slope at 1500 feet msl.Overshot runway and crashed on uphill slope.Nosed down from a height of 300 feet on takeoff and crashed. Elevator trim tab system problems.Nosed down from a height of 300 feet on takeoff and crashed. Elevator trim tab system problems.Both engines flamed out due to fuel starvation. The pilot attempted to reach Philipsburg for an emergency landing, despite the fact that it was closed due to snow on the runway. The aircraft struck wires or poles on final approach, crashed and caught fire.A no. 4 engine failure was simulated on takeoff. The student was unable to maintain directional control and the Viscount veered off the runway.The Varsity was on a single engine flight when engine failed to respond during an overshoot. The airplane lost height and bellylanded in a field.Damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion accident.The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight from the airstrip of the sovkhoz (state farm) at Labinsk when it lost height while flying a steep turn at low height. It crashed with a bank angle of some 50-60 degrees.The Il-14 departed Baku-Bina Airport (BAK) at 07:42 in IMC. Weather conditions included low clouds, moderate to heavy rain, wind 16-20 m/s with gusts, and a visibility of 2-4 km.Lost control while climbing to FL410 in turbulent instrument conditions.Damaged beyond repair.A Fairchild C-119CF-FA Flying Boxcar transport plane, 51·8019, had undergone a periodic inspection and was dispatched with a minimum crew for a Functional CheckCrashed while on a supply dropping mission in Laos.Damaged beyond repair on takeoff from Skopje Airport.Flight 501 took off from Lima runway 15 at 07:40 and was instructed to climb in accordance with the no. 2 standard departure procedure. The aircraft was later observed flying at low altitude. The plane eventually crashed into the Mount Talaula at 12600 feet, 29nm North of the normal route.The Ambassador broke out of the clouds during a straight-in approach to runway 13 but appeared to be too high. A 360deg turn to the left was made and the aircraft touched down far down the wet runway (with 3500 feet remaining). Brakes had no effect, so the aircraft ran off the runway. The port undercarriage and nose wheel were torn off and the plane came to rest against a mount of excavated earth.The Ambassador broke out of the clouds during a straight-in approach to runway 13 but appeared to be too high. A 360deg turn to the left was made and the aircraft touched down far down the wet runway (with 3500 feet remaining). Brakes had no effect, so the aircraft ran off the runway. The port undercarriage and nose wheel were torn off and the plane came to rest against a mount of excavated earth.American Flyers Flight 280/D, a Lockheed Electra, crashed 2,4 km northeast of the Ardmore Municipal Airport, OK (ADM). Of the 93 passengers and five crewmembers aboard, 18 passengers survived, however, three of them later succumbed to injuries. The aircraft was destroyed by impact and subsequent fire.Crashed into water due to loss of autopilot during an anti-submarine training flight.Destroyed on the ground during a Vietcong mortar attack.Suffered nosewheel collapse.The military surplus DC-3 N91375 had been stored without engines at Goodyear-Litchfield Park NAS, AZ. The company that purchased the aircraft flew in the engines and installed them on the aircraft. A ferry permit was obtained to fly the aircraft to Litchfield Park Airport, located 5 miles north of the Naval Air Station where a final check was planned before flying to Coatsville, PA.The flight encountered bad weather (reduced visibility) at FL100 en route to Cortina. The pilot requested to continue in visual contact with the ground. Thick fog caused the pilot to lose visual contact with the ground while flying through the valley near the Fadalto Pass in an attempt to divert to Belluono. The Twin Otter collided with the Col Visentin (1763 m).Ground accident.Ground accident.Fairchild F-27 N2712 operated on a flight from Klamath Falls to Seattle via Medford, North Bend and Portland. Because snow was falling at Klamath Falls, the aircraft was loaded in the hangar instead of on the ramp. There was some delay in pushing out the aircraft onto the ramp because the tow tractor lost traction in the snow. The aircraft was exposed to the falling snow for about 11 minutes before the plane was able to taxy out to runway 14. A few minutes later, at 05:01 the aircraft took off. During the takeoff roll, after rolling about 1000 feet, the aircraft gradually served to the left. The nose wheel left the ground 600 feet prior to the main gear at a point where the track was half way between the center of the runway and the left row of runway lights. The left main gear was about 12 feet off the left edge of the runway for a distance of 250 feet prior to lift-off. Just after lift-off the aircraft swerved sharply to the right and immediately back to the left. On climb out the aircraft tended to the left, despite several course corrections. After reaching 5250 feet, the altitude dropped again to 4700 feet. The aircraft continued to climb until it crashed on a steep ridge on the northwest slope of Stukel Mountain at an elevation of 5049 feet (1539 m). The F-27 was in a right wing low attitude when this wing contacted the mountain; the aircraft then cartwheeled up the 30deg upslope of the mountain.The Douglas RC-47 departed Nha Trang, Vietnam on an afternoon ELINT mission. It was struck by ground fire and the airplane crashed.TWA 553 operated on a flight from New York to Chicago via Harrisburgh, Pittsburgh, and Dayton. The aircraft operated on an IFR flight plan in visual flight conditions and had been cleared to descend from FL200 to 3000 feet. While descending through 4525 feet the DC-9 collided with a Beechcraft 55 (N6127V operated by the Tann Comp.) which was on a flight to Springfield. The descending DC-9, overtaking and converging from the left, struck the level Beechcraft from the left rear quarter. The collision angle between longitudinal axes of the two aircraft was approx. 47deg in the horizontal plane and 10deg down in the vertical plane. The collision destroyed the Beechcraft by causing it to disintegrate; portions of the Beech penetrated the forward fuselage section of the DC-9 and destroyed the integrity of the flight control system. The DC-9 entered a descending left turn, crashed and burned. The Beechcraft was not under control of, or in radio contact with any FAA traffic facility. Weather at the time of the collision was thin broken clouds with 6-7 miles visibility in haze.The Carvair plane lost height on climb out and struck a bridge on a highway, destroying lorries and a rickshaw.Several C-130 Hercules transport planes were used to fly supply runs to an airstrip at A Loui. The aircraft approached under low clouds, airdropping the supplies from the rear ramp. Several aircraft were hit by enemy ground fire. The 21st supply aircraft was hit by .50 calibre and 37 mm ground fire. A fire erupted in the cargo hold and the crew attempted to jettison the burning load while the pilot attempted a forced landing on the airstrip. The airplane struck trees, crashed and burst into flames.Damaged during refueling.Struck high tension wires while on a training flight from Domodedovo Airport and crashed.Struck high tension wires while on a training flight from Domodedovo Airport and crashed.A Boeing 707-344C passenger jet, registered ZS-EUW, was destroyed in a CFIT accident 5 km from Windhoek-Strijdom International Airport (WDH), Namibia. There were 116 passengers and 12 crew members on board. The airplane operated on a flight from Windhoek-Strijdom International Airport (WDH) to Luanda-4 de Fevereiro Airport (LAD). Five passengers survived the crashThe Shackleton MR.2 prototype had taken off from Ballykelly on an anti-submarine exercise early in the morning . The area around Mull of Kintyre was shrouded in thick sea mist. The Shackleton climbed up through the mist and the aircraft struck rising ground near Garvalt cottage.The airplane crash-landed after takeoff following engine problems. The occupants were unable to open the main doors as they had been damaged on impact. Airport staff reached the crash site and pried open the doors.On 16 April 1968, 08:00 CST, C-123K, sn 54-0602 (Call sign MOOSE 09) departed Hurlburt Field, FL, as lead aircraft in a flight of three C-123's. The assigned mission was a routine SEA serial spray training flight. The formation proceeded to a point 25 nm northwest of Panama City, Florida (the designated spray training area), arriving there at 08:35 CST.The no. 1 engine suffered a uncontained failure 50 m into the takeoff roll. Debris bounced off the runway against the wing and ruptured the center fuel tank. The leaking fuel caught fire.The T-39 jet was en route from MacDill AFB (MCF) to Langley AFB (LFI) with an en route stop at Shaw AFB (SSC). It collided with a U.S. Navy Douglas TA-4F Skyhawk plane. The T-39 in a residential neighborhood in Weldon. The Skyhawk crashed near Roanoke Rapids-Halifax County Airport, NC (RZZ).Crashed near the Save River.The Viscount landed heavily, causing the left main gear to collapse. The aircraft veered off the side of the runway.The DC-3 crashed into Mount Nakanoone at an elevation  of 2200m. The wreckage was located on December 29, 1966.The no. 1 engine failed shortly after takeoff. The propeller could not be feathered, presumably due to oil contamination. A crash-landing was carried out near Miami and the airplane came to rest in an automobile junk yard.The G-73 Mallard amphibian sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at Lake Hefner.The undercarriage collapsed during the takeoff.The DC-7 sank down on the runway during takeoff. The aircraft caught fire.Struck a mountain at FL120 in the Las Melosas area of the Andes.Eastern Air Lines, Flight EA 663 was a scheduled passenger flight originating at Boston, MA (BOS), and terminating at Atlanta, GA (ATL) with intermediate stops at New York (JFK), Richmond, VA (RIC), Charlotte, NC (CLT), and Greenville-Spartanburg, SC (GSP).Crashed.Weather was poor with light snow, low clouds and a visibility of 1500 m, causing the suspension of training flights. When weather began to improve, the An-2 took off from Goretskoye Airstrip for a short flight to Krasny Kut Airport. The aircraft entered a turn at an altitude of 100-120 m during which altitude was lost. The airplane impacted the snow-covered steppe 2,100 metres from the runway. The aircraft was consumed by fire. Probably the aircraft had taken off with caged gyro horizons and the pilot had lostCrashed.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Two drunk mechanics boarded the plane at night and attempted to takeoff for a joy flight. The airplane crashed at sea.The Globemaster flew into mountain which was covered with snow.Crashed.Left main gear collapsed on landing.Reportedly damaged beyond repair in Europe.The Viscount airplane sustained substantial damage when the undercarriage collapsed during taxying.Crashed short at night.The Antonov 2 crashed when transporting a child that was victim of criminal act. The wreckage found near Playa de Bibijagua, about 6 km northeast of Nueva Gerona. The Antonov 2 crashed when transporting a child that was victim of criminal act. The wreckage found near Playa de Bibijagua, about 6 km northeast of Nueva Gerona. The flight engineer shot the on board security guard and forced the crew to carry him to Florida, USA. The captain instead took the plane to José Martí Airport in Havana. On seeing an Aeroflot plane on the tarmac, the hijacker realised he had been fooled, shot the captain dead and tried to initiate takeoff. The copilot then shut down the engines. The hijacker jumped onto the tarmac and fled. He was caught some days later.Due to a failure in the propeller pitch mechanism one of the engines' propellers could not be used to decelerate. The airplane swerved off the runway into a ditch, in an attempt to avoid a truck at the end of the runway. Damage was repairable, but the Hercules was damaged beyond repair when recovery crew attempted to tow the airplane using a tank and a steel cable through openings in the fuselage.Crashed.The aircraft took off from Indianapolis at 13:30 EST on an IFR flight plan to NAS Norfolk. The first-officer, who carried out the runway 10 approach and landing, approached at a steep angle and touched down on the left main and nose wheels. The aircraft started to disintegrate immediately as the left wing separated. The fuselage came to rest inverted. It appeared that the first officer had no multi-engine rating and had a total of 18 hours on type.The C-130B, assigned to the 813th Tactical Carrier Wing at Forbes AFB, flew from Evereux to Bardufoss to pick up troops who would participate in the NATO exercise Winter Express.Crashed shortly after takeoff.Ditched following a double engine failure due to engine inlet icing. Pilot did not use nacelle heating in icing conditions.Flight 749 took off from Nicosia at 15:49 for a flight to Cairo. Bad weather existed along the route and weather at destination Cairo was also worsening. The crew contacted Misrair Operations and requested information about possible airports for a diversion. The crew also reported they where flying in a thunderstorm with turbulent and icing conditions. One altimeter read 24000 feet while the other read 25000 feet, the magnetic compass was unserviceable and there was a crack in a cockpit window panel due to the thunderstorm. Possible like Alexandria, Port Said and El Arish were discussed, but the flight continued to Cairo. The flight was cleared for a runway 23 approach and landing, but nothing more was heard from the flight. The aircraft had crashed and caught fire 5 km from the runway.The HU-16B Albatross flying boat was deployed to rescue two crew members of a downed McDonnell Douglas F-4C Phantom off Haiphong in the Gulf of Tonkin. The Albatross landed in the sea close to the shoreline. It was quickly approached by several North Vietnamese boats. They began to open fire on the Albatross, finally firing a mortar shell. They flying boat burst into flames. The survivors were later rescued by Navy helicopters.The AC-47 gunship was operating on an armed reconnaissance mission along Route 92 west of Da Nang. Radio contact was lost some 45 miles southwest of Da Nang. The airplane was never found. It was considered likely that the airplane was shot down.Crashed into a mountainous area.On March 9,1966, a Douglas AC-47D gunship, call sign "Spooky 70," departed Da Nang Airport (DAD) on a close air support mission for the A Shau Special Forces Camp, Thua Thien Province, South Vietnam. When the gunship was approximately 2 miles south of the Special Forces Camp, the pilot initiated a left hand turn to position the aircraft for a firing pass. At the same time the Vietcong forces opened up with anti-aircraft artillery (AAA) fire and hit the airplane several times in the no. 2 engine. The pilot made a forced landing and all crew members survived. Subsequently three crew were killed in a firefight with Vietcong.The left main gear struck a sand ridge 100 feet short of the runway threshold, but the aircraft landed without problems at Bunia. After inspections at Stanleyville, damage to the aircraft appeared to be substantial.The Super Constellation had to be ditched following engine trouble. The flight crew was rescued by a fishing vessel.BOAC Flight 911 was a scheduled service from San Francisco (SFO) to Hong Kong (HKG) via Honolulu (HNL) and Tokyo (HND). The Boeing 707 was expected to arrive at Tokyo Airport at 16:45 on 4 March. However, due to poor meteorological conditions at Tokyo and because the precision approach radar (PAR) of the GCA was out of service, it diverted to Fukuoka (FUK) and landed there at 18:00. After staying overnight at Fukuoka, Flight 911 left for Tokyo at 11:25 and landed there at 12:43. The aircraft was prepared for the next leg to Hong Kong and a flight plan was filed for a flight in accordance with the instrument flight rules via Oshima on airway JG6 to Hong Kong at FL310. The An-2 operated on a training flight from Khabarovsk-Maly when it crashed, killing both pilots killed. The reason for the accident could not be established. Either a fire had erupted in-flight or the crew had lost spatial orientation in a snow-flurry.Canadian Pacific Flight 402 took off from Hong Kong (HKG) at 16:14 Japan Time for Tokyo (HND). Tokyo was a planned stop on the route to Vancouver, Canada.The DC-7 named "Guayas", taxied into a ditch and was considered damaged beyond repair.The An-2 operated on a flight from Milkovo to Khalaktyrka in support of a geological expedition when it encountered below-minima weather conditions. Poor visibility and heavy snowfall existed in the area. The aircraft deviated from the prescribed flight path to the left by 17 km and crashed at a height of 589 metres into the cloud-covered summit of a hill (594 metres) on cape Mys Nalycheva.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The C-46 crashed in mountainous terrain during a flight from Chiclayo to Rioja carrying five tons of cargo. Ultimate destination of the flight was Chachapoyas.Crashed.It was snowing as Aeroflot's inaugural service to Conakry (CKY) and Brazzaville (BZV) was prepared for departure. The runway was cleared, but not the entire width. Snow on the runway edges was limiting the visibility of the runway edge lights. Upon takeoff, the Tu-114 struck a snow drift with the left main undercarriage. The pilot banked the plane to the right, causing the no. 3 propeller to strike the runway. The airplane crashed and caught fire.It was snowing as Aeroflot's inaugural service to Conakry (CKY) and Brazzaville (BZV) was prepared for departure. The runway was cleared, but not the entire width. Snow on the runway edges was limiting the visibility of the runway edge lights. Upon takeoff, the Tu-114 struck a snow drift with the left main undercarriage. The pilot banked the plane to the right, causing the no. 3 propeller to strike the runway. The airplane crashed and caught fire.About one hour into a flight from Vorkuta to Syktyvkar, Russia the right engine failed. Cylinder no. 5 broke and a fire erupted. The fire could not be extinguished. The crew attempted to divert to Pechora but did not make it. The burning engine fell off. The airplane rolled left and fell into a forest.An approach to Venice was carried out in worsening weather (thick fog). The Skyvan touched down fast (90-100 knots instead of 70 kts) close to the edge of the runway. The aircraft bounced and struck a sea wall, shearing off the nose wheel and the right hand gear and wing. The plane came to rest upside down in the shallow water.An approach to Venice was carried out in worsening weather (thick fog). The Skyvan touched down fast (90-100 knots instead of 70 kts) close to the edge of the runway. The aircraft bounced and struck a sea wall, shearing off the nose wheel and the right hand gear and wing. The plane came to rest upside down in the shallow water.An approach to Venice was carried out in worsening weather (thick fog). The Skyvan touched down fast (90-100 knots instead of 70 kts) close to the edge of the runway. The aircraft bounced and struck a sea wall, shearing off the nose wheel and the right hand gear and wing. The plane came to rest upside down in the shallow water.Damaged beyond repair on landing.Damaged beyond repair on landing.Lake Central Airlines Flight 527 departed Chicago, IL for a flight to Detroit, MI with intermediate stops at Lafayette, IN, Cincinnati, OH, Columbus, IN and Toledo, OH. The aircraft arrived at Columbus at 19:35 and took off for Toledo 17 minutes later. About 20:05 the flight was cleared from its assigned cruising altitude of 10,000 feet to descend to 6,000 feet and report leaving 8,000 feet and 7,000 feet. Shortly after commencing the descent, all four prop blades on the no. 2 engines separated. The no. 2 prop blade penetrated the fuselage. While yawing to the right, the fuselage failed along the line of penetrations and the Convair crashed.The C-46 transport plane failed to gain height after takeoff from runway 12 at Bogotá-Eldorado Airport (BOG). A forced gear-up landing was carried out on hacienda Tucurinca, about one minute after takeoff.Varig Flight RG 837 departed Rome-Fiumicino Airport, Italy, at 21:08 hours GMT on a flight to Monrovia, Liberia. The flight was uneventful until the crew reported at FL45, five miles from the Roberts VOR. ATC then cleared the flight to descend further down to 3000 feet on the VOR and reported a QNH of 1009 mb. The QNH was read back correctly, but the crew did not mention the descent clearance. The pilot-in-command continued to the VOR at FL45 (4500 feet). After sighting the aerodrome runway lights from vertically overhead, the pilot informed the co-pilot that despite the fact that he had the runway completely in sight he would make an IFR/VOR procedure. Off-airport forced landing during test flight following maintenance.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The DC-3 impacted a mountainside at 3200 meters. The wreckage was located a week later.Flight 345 was a scheduled domestic flight from Manila to Mactan. It departed Manila at 1720 hours on an IFR clearance direct to Mactan, via Amber 1 at flight level 130. At 1908 hours the flight reported to Mactan Control Approach that it was descending through FL 70. It was cleared to FL 50, given an altimeter setting of 29.81 in Hg and requested to report at FL 60. At 1909 hours the flight requested a visual descent from FL 50 to 30 and at 19:13 hours it reported commencing a VOR approach to runway 04. At 19:17 hours the flight reported on final and Mactan Approach cleared the flight to land, giving the wind as 330°/5 kt. The flight acknowledged the clearance and this was the last communication from the aircraft. Whilst on a long final approach commenced from a height of 1 500 feet approximately 4 miles from the runway threshold, the aircraft suddenly assumed a nose-high attitude and additional power was applied. A crew member then came out of the cockpit and spoke in the direction of a number of supernumerary crew traveling in the passenger compartment instructing them to move forward. Moments later a flight attendant came from the cockpit and instructed everybody to move forward. Before all the passengers could comply, the aircraft started banking alternately to the right and left, descending in a tail low attitude and crashed at approximately 19:18 hours 0.9 miles before the threshold of runway 04.The DC-3 sustained substantial damage when the aircraft suffered a landing accident at Chaiten Airport (WCH), Chile.The DC-6 was en route from Philadelphia to Boston at FL150 when it suffered an explosive decompression due to the failure of the right hand forward section of the fuselage in the area of the crew/cargo compartment door. A 10 feet section of the fuselage separated and struck the no. 3 engine, causing the propeller to break off. A safe emergency landing was made at New York.Damaged beyond repair.Two Union of Burma C-47's collided, but both landed safely at Myitkyina.Two Union of Burma C-47's collided, but both landed safely at Myitkyina.SAHSA Flight 203 took off from La Mesa at 08:15 for a 32-minute flight to Tegucigalpa. The flight was uneventful and the crew were assigned runway 01 for landing. The landing was normal and smooth, but the propeller reverser system failed. The crew were unable to move the throttles into the reverse-position. The aircraft had passed the point were a go-around could be attempted, so the brakes were used. The two outermost tires from the main gear legs burst. Nearing the end of the runway, a ground-loop was attempted. The DC-6 ran off the runway and the nose gear ran into a ditch, followed by the left main gear leg. The left wing fuel tank burst and the aircraft caught fire.The C-47 was being used on a training flight and was on the third approach to runway 36 with one engine idling when the plane turned to the left, losing height. The aircraft clipped the roof of two houses and stuck a lorry before crashing near the cemetery wall.Crashed at NAS Roosevelt Roads, Puerto Rico when it ran off the runway while landing.Damaged beyond repair in a landing accident.The airplane was damaged beyond repair when it was struck by a China Airlines Curtiss C-46. The C-46 had just landed but swerved off the runway due to a brake failure.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Crashed after takeoff due to split flap condition.Flight 708 departed Jakarta at 00:30 GMT (February 15) for a flight to Menado via Surabaya and Makassar. On the second leg of the flight bad weather at Makassar forced the crew to return to Surabaya. The flight continued the next day to Makassar and on to Menado. Weather at Menado was cloud base at 900 feet and 2 km visibility. An approach to runway 18 was made, but after passing a hill 200 feet above runway elevation and 2720 feet short of the threshold, the pilot realised he was too high and left of the centreline. The nose was lowered and the aircraft banked right to intercept the glide path. The speed decreased below the 125 knots target threshold speed and the aircraft, still banked to the right, landed heavily 156 feet short of the runway threshold. The undercarriage collapsed and the aircraft skidded and caught fire.The CV-440 was climbing after a departure from runway 28 Zürich-Kloten Airport, Switzerland when it collided with The Lägern, a wooded mountain of the Jura Mountains. The mountain was covered in clouds.Engine power was lost shortly after takeoff from runway 07 at Wiesbaden AB. The Convair lost height and came down in a plowed field, close to the village of Breckenheim. The airplane caught fire.The aircraft was carrying out a non-scheduled international cargo flight from Rancho Boyeros Airport, Havana, Cuba, to Mexico City International Airport, Mexico. It departed Rancho Boyeros Airport at approximately 01:00 hours Mexico time and its estimated time of arrival at Mexico was 04:50 hours. At 04:00 hours, when reaching the BX intersection, the aircraft contacted the Mexico Control Centre and requested authorization to enter the control area. This was granted and the latest weather information for Mexico Airport was transmitted to the aircraft but no acknowledgement was received. Subsequent transmissions from the aircraft were unintelligible and it was instructed to change to another frequency. The clearance and weather information were again passed to the aircraft on that frequency. The aircraft reported over Nautla and Tulanciago and was informed that visibility at Mexico City was 1,5 miles because of fog. It was then instructed to descend from 18000 to 12000 feet and to contact the approach controller.Crashed during attempted landing at St Paul Island in bad weather.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Jordan. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed.Crashed in mountainous area, injuring all four crew members. The airplane carried a cargo of 5 tonnes of meat.The Provider rolled inverted, crashed and caught fire while operating on a defoliation mission in a shallow valley in Laos. The C-130A Hercules landed heavy at Bunard Airstrip. The crew's vision was obscured by dust blown up by the rotor downwash of an army helicopter.The C-130B transport plane veered off the runway upon landing at Khe Sanh. The airplane struck cargo pallets and several vehicles before coming to rest. A fire erupted.Undercarriage collapsed during pre-delivery acceptance trials. The aircraft burst into flames.The Hercules had completed a cargo flight from Cambridge (UK) to Lusaka via Benina and Entebbe and was being ferried back to its Ndola base. During reverser checks prior to takeoff from Lusaka the no. 2 nacelle overheat light came on. The fire shut-off handle was pulled and the warning light went out. As there were no visible signs of a fire, the crew restarted the engine. The flight and landing were uneventful and the no. 1 and 4 engines were shut down when taxiing to the ramp. Entering the parking area, the no. 2 nacelle overheat light illuminated again. The no. 2 engine was shut off and the crew made some turns to park the aircraft next to another Zambian Hercules (9J-RBX). In the final turn steering and brake pressure became exhausted and the aircraft struck the port wing of 9J-RBX, cutting through some 12 feet of the wing. A fire broke out and destroyed both aircraft.Struck by taxiing Hercules 9J-RCY; caught fire.Crashed into a wooded area while on the inaugurating service from Aguascalientes to Mexico City.Damaged beyond repair by Cyclone Gisselle. The Bristol was lifted from its restraints and landed on both wingtips. Crashed in the Emperador Guillermo mountain range near Coyhaique, Chile.The aircraft was operating Flight BA 712 from London-Heathrow Airport to Zürich and Sydney. A check pilot was on the aircraft for the purpose of carrying out a route check on the pilot-in-command. The aircraft became airborne from runway 28L at 15:27 and 20 seconds later, just before the time for the noise abatement power reduction, the flight crew felt and heard a combined shock and bang. The thrust lever for the No. 2 engine "kicked" towards the closed position and at the same time the instruments showed that the engine was running down. The captain ordered the engine failure drill. Because the undercarriage was retracted, the warning horn sounded when the flight engineer fully retarded the thrust lever; the check pilot and flight-engineer simultaneously went for and pulled the horn cancel switch on the pedestal whilst the co-pilot instinctively but in error pressed the fire bell cancel button. In front of him the flight-engineer went for the engine fire shut-off handle but he did not pull it. The check pilot then reported seeing a serious fire in the No. 2 engine. Having initially started an engine failure drill, the flight engineer changed directly to the engine fire drill. ATC originally offered the pilot-in-command a landing back on runway 28L and alerted the fire services but after a "Mayday" call Flight 712 was offered runway 05R which was accepted as it would result in a shorter flight path. About 1,5 minutes after the start of the fire, No. 2 engine, together with part of its pylon, became detached and fell into a waterfilled gravel pit. At about the time the engine fell away the undercarriage was lowered and full flap selected. The undercarriage locked down normally but the hydraulic pressure and contents were seen to fall and the flaps stopped extending at 47deg, that is 3deg short of their full range. The approach to runway 05R was made from a difficult position, the aircraft being close to the runway and having reached a height of about 3000 feet and a speed of 225 kt. There is no glide slope guidance to this runway but the approach was well judged and touchdown was achieved approximately 400 yards beyond the threshold. The aircraft came to a stop just to the left of the runway centre line, about 1800 yards from the threshold.The aircraft sustained substantial damage when it swung off the runway during takeoff.The aircraft contacted the water of the China Sea and broke in three pieces on impact. The wreckage sank to a depth of 1600 metres. Four crew members survived the accident.Damaged beyond repair.The Neptune suffered a loss of directional control and subsequent runway excursion during a simulated hydraulic failure on landing at Sangley Point, Philippines.The airplane ran off the side of the runway at RAF Ballykelly after which an undercarriage leg collapsed.The Orion plane operated on a coastal surveillance mission to intercept gunrunning Viet Cong trawlers. It was shot at by a Cambodian navy vessel near the island of Hon Doc. An engine caught fire, but the fire could not controlled. The Orion crashed into the sea near the island of Hon Vang.Crash-landed following a mechanical problem. Damaged beyond repair.The Super Constellation crashed following a no. 3 engine fire.Crashed.Approaching St. Louis runway 17, the Ozark DC-9 collided with Cessna 150F N8669G (operated by Interstate Airmotive) at 1100 feet msl. The Cessna crashed and the DC-9 landed safely.Written off.The C-123 was damaged by AAA fire during a mission over Ban Namchalo, Laos. The pilot headed back to Nakhon Phanom for an emergency landing. The aircraft was considered to be damaged beyond repair and scrapped.The aircraft was engaged in an operation involving the aerial sowing of bulk fertiliser. The Lodestar had made a straight sowing run after which it was seen to cross a ridge. It turned slightly to starboard and followed the line of the ridge before entering a comparatively steep left-hand turn apparently initiated to bring it back toward a suitable position from which another sowing run could be started. When about two-thirds of the turn had been completed, the aircraft was seen to flick suddenly into a left-hand spin which continued very rapidly for one and a half to two and a half turns until the aircraft impacted on bush-clad terrain near the top of the ridge it had formerly crossed, exploded, disintegrated and burned.The pilot attempted to ground loop his aircraft at the end of the runway, but veered off and rolled down a steep embankment to the right of the extreme end of the runway.Flight 712 departed Cork (ORK) at 10:32 for a flight to London (LHR) and was cleared for FL170. The crew reported at the Bannow reporting point at FL170 at 10:57 and were instructed to change frequency to London Airways. Just eight seconds after first reporting on the London ATC frequency, a message was received which was later interpreted as "Twelve thousand feet descending spinning rapidly". The Viscount descended and struck the sea 1,7nm from Tuskar Rock.Three hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The takeoff warning horn sounded shortly after commencing takeoff from runway 09R. The takeoff was continued as the crew tried to figure out what caused the warning. The horn ceased prior to reaching rotate speed. The stickshaker came on and thrust was added, but the aircraft failed to climb and the captain elected to discontinue the takeoff. The 727 settled back to the macadam shoulder off the right side of the runway and struck a ditch, coming to rest 1100 feet beyond the runway end and 300 feet right of the extended centreline. The flaps had been set at 2deg instead of takeoff range of 5-25 degrees.A no. 1 engine failure caused the crew to make a single engine landing at Evansville in rain and low ceiling conditions. The pilot aborted the go-around he had initiated and crash-landed. An exhaust valve failure in the no.15 cylinder caused the engine failure. The pilot misjudged speed and distance while landing.A no. 1 engine failure caused the crew to make a single engine landing at Evansville in rain and low ceiling conditions. The pilot aborted the go-around he had initiated and crash-landed. An exhaust valve failure in the no.15 cylinder caused the engine failure. The pilot misjudged speed and distance while landing.Crashed during 2-engined training flight.A fire warning in the no. 2 engine (caused by a fire in the left main gear wheel well) forced the crew to return to the airport. After a fullstop landing control was lost of the no. 1 engine. Additional loss of left main gear brakes caused the aircraft to circle to the right during the evacuation.Damaged beyond repair.Destroyed on ground during Communist attack.The Antonov struck Polica Mountain at an altitude of 1200 m (150 m below the summit) during a snowstorm.Crashed into the sea off New Providence Island. It is believed that there was a fire on board.The DHC-3 Otter floatplane crashed shortly after take-off. Ex Minister Sanna Buker was killed in the accident.Tha An-2 operated on a positioning flight from Priluki to Sergeyevka for crop-spraying operations. En route the crew encountered poor weather conditions with low clouds and fog. They lost orientation and the airplane crashed in a snow-covered field near Sergeyevka airstrip.The An-2 operated on a flight from Kalaikhum to Dushanbe with an en route stop at Tavildara, Tajikistan.Belly landed in the Libyan desert.After an instrument takeoff from runway 27R for a flight to Quito via Panama City the DC-4 reached a height of 50 feet before it began descending. The aircraft crashed beyond the runway and slid 890 feet before striking a concrete abatementAfter a takeoff run (runway 12) of 450 m, the DC-3 became airborne and stalled. The left wing hit the ground, causing the aircraft to slide off the runway. Both engine caught fire but could be extinguished.Bleed air leak and double engine failure; ditched.The C-46 cargo plane, HK-1281, departed Santa Marta Airport (SMR), Colombia at 12:11 on a flight to Guadeloupe. The airplane carried 5000 kg of carcasses. Estimated time of arrival at Guadeloupe was 17:55. Last position report was at 14°58'N, 64W, flying at 7000 feet.Destroyed on landing.Destroyed on landing.Tested to destruction.The Caribou was shot down by ground fire as it was pulling up from its dropping run. The aircraft burst into flames and crashed close to the campAn Ilyushin 14P passenger aircraft, CCCP-52002, was destroyed when it crashed on approach to Zaporozhye Airport (OZH), Russia. Seven occupants were killed, 28 survived.Hit by ground fire during ammunition drop.Two Caribou planes were sent to Dak Seang on an ammunition drop mission. Because the first aircraft reported ground fire after delivering its load, the second C-7 made a left-hand turn to try to avoid the ground fire but was hit by automatic weapons fire at an altitude of 400 feet. The Caribou flew off to the south, possibly trying to make for Dak To, but it burst into flames and crashed.An Antonov 24B operated by Aeroflot was destroyed when it crashed near Toguchin, Novosibirsk Region, Russia. All 40 passengers and five crew members were killed in the accident.Written off.Written off.Crashed 1972 according to PEAPL!9 hijackers demanded to be taken to North Korea. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: 4 days. Ditched.The Caribou was destroyed when a mortar shell tore through its starboard wing.After over flying Lourenço Marques (now Maputo) Airport's runway 23 at low speed with the no. 2 prop feathered and the landing gear down, the F-27 banked to the right and crashed 450 m to the right and 750 m from the threshold.6 hijackers demanded to be taken to Austria. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Two hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Crashed into Table Mountain while in a formation flight with two other South African Air Force HS-125's.Crashed into Table Mountain while in a formation flight with two other South African Air Force HS-125's.Crashed into Table Mountain while in a formation flight with two other South African Air Force HS-125's.The Curtiss C-46 cargo plane was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from runway 03 at Santiago-Los Cerrillos Airport (ULC), Chile. The no. 2 engine failed immediately after takeoff and the airplane was not able to climb to a safe height. It crashed and broke up.Heavy landing.The overloaded An-2 was damaged beyond repair after impacting terrain near Kirov.The Tu-134 approached Rijeka (RJK) in poor weather with heavy cumulo-nimbus, heavy rainfall and severe turbulence about 4 km from the runway threshold. As the aircraft passed through the area, it was carried upwards and rolled to the right. The aircraft was now above the ILS glide path. Some 800 m short of the runway, at a height of 60 m the crew decided to continue the approach. Power was reduced and the angle of descent increased to 10 degrees. The aircraft struck the runway with the right main gear at an airspeed of 160 km/h with 4g deceleration force. The right wing detached and the plane rolled on its back. The remaining stub of wing folded to block the overwing emergency exit. The aircraft slid for 700 m and caught fire.Crashed into the side of Nang Keo Mountain.An American hijacked the DC-9 by holding a knife at the throat of his girl friend. He wanted to be flown to the United States to see his mother. He surrendered after 45 minutes.The no. 2 engine lost power during climb due to a rupture in the fuel feed valve diaphragm. The propeller was not feathered and the pilot decided to carry out a belly landing.The C-47 transport plane touched down on the left main gear ski about 150 feet before the approach end of the runway. The skiOne hijacker. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed into a mountain.A Douglas DC-4-1009 passenger plane, operated by Avianca, was hijacked by a Colombian male.During a visual approach to runway 11 of Mae Hong Son Airport (HGN) with full flaps, the main wheels of the aircraft severely struck the edge of the overrun end. The aircraft bounced and landed on the runway approximately 210 m from the point of first impact. The aircraft then started veering to the left, went off the runway and after having made a 180-degree turn, finally came to rest near the retaining concrete wall, located about 40 m to the left of the runway centreline.While climbing after takeoff from La Paz for a flight to El Jovi, something happened which caused the DC-3 to crash.Crashed. At least one occupant, Lieutenant Ronald Edward Ehrne was killed.The An-2 was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing in a forest following a loss of engine power.A male passenger hijacked the flight and demanded to be flown to Cuba. The airplane landed at Panama City-Tocumen International Airport (PTY) and the hijacker was arrested.The An-2 crashed during crop-spraying operations in the Poltava region when the intoxicated pilot performed unauthorised manoeuvres at low height over a village and lost control. The aircraft collided with a building and was completely destroyed, the pilot and the sole passenger, an aircraft mechanic, were killed.The An-2 crashed during crop-spraying operations in the Poltava region when the intoxicated pilot performed unauthorised manoeuvres at low height over a village and lost control. The aircraft collided with a building and was completely destroyed, the pilot and the sole passenger, an aircraft mechanic, were killed.The Boeing 727 was hijacked by a man who demanded USD 303.000 ransom and six parachutes. The airplane landed at Washington-Dulles (IAD) where he received the ransom. The flight continued to New Orleans and then to Central America. The hijacker parachuted over Honduras and was later captured.Western Fight 407 was hijacked by a 21-year old man carrying a .38 caliber Smith and Wesson pistol. He demanded to be taken to North Vietnam. After landing at Los Angeles, he ordered to be flown to Cuba. Eleven passengers were released. The plane then continued to Tampa for a refueling stop.Crashed into Mount Longa at an altitude of 2000 feet (300 feet below the top) while on a night-time approach to Palermo. Weather at the time of the accident included broken cloud layer of 3/8 cumulus at 1500 feet and a visibility of 3 miles. The crew did not adhere to the established approach procedures.The Yak-40 took off from Irkutsk Airport (IKT) at 22:29. While on approach the crew were given the weather information that was current at 23:15. The controller had not received more recent weather information, despite his requests. He knew the weather had deteriorated but he passed the older weather info on to the crew. On finals the flight entered an area with a wet snow storm, 1000 m visibility severe buffeting and wind gusts of 10-14 m/s. An intense downdraft caused the plane to contact trees. The airplane crashed and burned.Flew into a 1716 feet high hill. The airplane operated on a flight from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil to Memphis, TN, USA with an en route stop at Paramaribo, Suriname.The KC-135 entered considerable yaw attitude after takeoff and the crew attempted to return to the airport. The crew entry door was reportedly jettisoned after which the plane rolled to an inverted attitude and crashed into the 2000 Block of Piatt street at 20th Street.Crashed on the runway and caught fire. One crew member, the mechanic, was killed.Crashed on the runway and caught fire. One crew member, the mechanic, was killed.The Lodestar pilots were cleared for an approach to Detroit-Willow Run Airport runway 05R. While on final approach the crew indicated that they were going around. Immediately after pulling up the aircraft entered a steep left turn, pitching slightly nose down. The left wing of the airplane struck the ground 919 feet left of and 1900 feet beyond the end of the runway. The aircraft crashed and burned 474 feet further on.The ski-equipped LC-47J on its rollout on the skiway, when one of its skis struck a large bit unobserved sastrugi, struck its propeller, tearing off the port engine and twisting its fuselage.Crashed from about 500 feet altitude into the sea after a night-time departure.Two Lockheed C-130B Hercules transport planes were parked at the north end of the Forbes AFB flight line: 58-0719 and 58-0730. One of the planes was being prepared for departure. After the engine were started, the Hercules jumped its chocks. It crashed into the other, unoccupied, plane. A fire erupted, destroying both planes.Two Lockheed C-130B Hercules transport planes were parked at the north end of the Forbes AFB flight line: 58-0719 and 58-0730. One of the planes was being prepared for departure. After the engine were started, the Hercules jumped its chocks. It crashed into the other, unoccupied, plane. A fire erupted, destroying both planes.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed after takeoff when then #3 engine drag brace failed, causing the engine to rotate over the upper strut mounts and separation of #3 and #4 engines before impact.Aeroflot flight SU101 departed Moscow-Domodedovo on a passenger flight to Omsk, Semipalatinsk (now named Semey) and Alma-Ata (now Almaty).The Caravelle undershot runway 28 in conditions of poor visibility. The aircraft struck a cement pillar and other obstructions and caught fire.A Douglas C-124C Globemaster II military transport plane was sent from its home base Hunter AFB, GA to Spain. It was transporting two buses for a search mission on the southern Spanish coast. A search party was looking for a U.S. nuclear bomb that came down following the mid-air collision of a B-52G bomber and a KC-135 tanker plane.At 05:57 hours GMT, the F-27 took off from Srinagar (SXR) for the return journey to Delhi-Palam Airport (DEL) with en route stops at Amritsar (ATQ) and Jammu (IXJ). The flight was cleared to climb VMC. A few seconds later, the Commander reported that he had climbed to 7500 ft and was turning to starboard. Srinagar Control requested a call while passing 8000 ft and the request was complied with. The controller then requested a call when passing 15 miles. No message, however, was received and at 06:10 GMT controller asked for the position of the aircraft. The crew replied: "Will be crossing Banihal 2 to 3 minutes." The Boeing 727-81 departed Sapporo-Chitose Airport, Japan about 18:00 hours local time on a domestic flight to Tokyo-Haneda Airport.The Provider transport plane operated on a combat airlift support mission. It went missing over heavily jungled mountains. It was considered likely that the airplane was shot down.The ski-equipped Douglas LC-47J 50832 flew out of McMurdo on a routine mission to Byrd Station to pick up a scientific party. The airplane was accompanied by a LC-117 (99853). The LC-117 landed safety in extremely limited visibility. On finals 50832 stalled while about 200 feet above the ice surface. The right wing dropped, and the aircraft hit the ice while almost inverted breaking the fuselage in two places. A fire erupted, consequently igniting the eighteen JATO canisters aboard.The ski-equipped Douglas LC-47J 50832 flew out of McMurdo on a routine mission to Byrd Station to pick up a scientific party. The airplane was accompanied by a LC-117 (99853). The LC-117 landed safety in extremely limited visibility. On finals 50832 stalled while about 200 feet above the ice surface. The right wing dropped, and the aircraft hit the ice while almost inverted breaking the fuselage in two places. A fire erupted, consequently igniting the eighteen JATO canisters aboard.The USMC KC-130F Hercules tanker was returning from a mission when it crashed into the sea. The airplane could have been shot down from an enemy vessel in the area. However, this could not be established. The accident may also be attributed to some kind of technical problem.During a training flight the trainee pilot, for the first time at the controls of an An-2, left the training zone No. 2 inadvertently. The aircraft lost altitude and he pilot carried out an evasive manoeuvre when a triangulation tower was observed in front of the plane. He turned steeply to the right and the aircraft collided with the ground near km 63 of the railway line, close to Bolshaya Viska.The EC-121M from the Fleet Airborne Reconnaissance Sqdn One (VQ-1) had the radome being while "curing" with heat lamps. Fire started when wind blew heat lamps against the radome.The EC-121M from the Fleet Airborne Reconnaissance Sqdn One (VQ-1) had the radome being while "curing" with heat lamps. Fire started when wind blew heat lamps against the radome.The cargo flight Rio Grande-Rio Gallegos-Rio Cuarto-Buenos Aires, which had to be completed in daylight, ran late due to delays in the loading of 99 sheep. It was dark outside by the time the aircraft left Rio Gallegos. The destination had been changed to Villa Reynolds, which had electric lighting instead of kerosene putts at Rio Cuarto. Although weather was worsening, the crew didn't change to an IFR flight plan. Various attempts to contact Villa Reynolds failed so the crew decided to divert to Rio Cuarto by following a roadway, illuminated from time to time by lightning flashes and headlights of automobile traffic. The crew managed to find the airport and overflew it first. The airport employees meanwhile weren't able to keep the kerosene putts alight due to rain and wind. Four vehicles were dispatched to mark the runway threshold with their headlights.Damaged beyond repair following nose gear collapse. The "Star of Chillon" was sold to the Grater Company to be broken up October 1967.The C-123 carried 42 U.S. Army troops and a load of ammunition and grenades. It was raining and the cloud ceiling was at just 300 feet when the transport plane took off from An Khe. Shortly after takeoff the airplane flew into a hillside. Reportedly the airplane hade suffered a no. 2 engine fire just prior to impacting the hillside.The Boeing 707, named "Kanchenjunga", operated on a flight from Mumbai (Bombay) to London via Delhi, Beirut and Geneva. The flight to and takeoff from Beirut where routine, except for a failure of the no. 2 VOR. At 07:00 GMT the pilot reported reaching FL190 to Geneva ACC. He was told to maintain that flight level "unless able to descend VMC one thousand on top". The pilot confirmed this and added that they were passing abeam Mont Blanc. The controller noted that the flight wasn't abeam Mont Blanc yet and radioed "you have 5 miles to the Mont Blanc", to which the pilot answered with "Roger." Flight 101 then started to descend from FL190 until it struck the Mont Blanc at an elevation of 15585 feet (4750 m).Crashed into a mountain between Douala and Yaoundé.Crashed into a mountain between Douala and Yaoundé.A USAF Boeing B-52G Stratofortress (58-0256) began its mission from Goldsboro-Seymour Johnson AFB, NC (GSB), carrying four Type B28RI hydrogen bombs on a Cold War airborne alert mission named Operation Chrome Dome. The flight plan took the aircraft east across the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea towards the European borders of the Soviet Union before returning home. The lengthy flight required two mid-air refuellings over Spain.The An-2 operated on a flight from Nurata to Samarkand with at least one intermediate stop at the sovkhoz (state farm) "Kommunizm". On the leg from "Kommunizm" to Samarkand the flight encountered below-minima weather conditions with low clouds and heavy rain. The captain felt pressure to continue the flight since his children were home alone while his wife was in hospital. He deviated from the prescribed flight path to the east, hoping for better weather conditions.The aircraft arrived at Crespo Airport (CTG) at 19:57 after a flight from Bogotá (BOG). At 20:50 the aircraft was cleared for a runway 36 takeoff for the return flight to Bogotá. The DC-4 climbed to 70 feet over the end of the runway and started to descend again until it struck the sea 1310 m from the runway end, and 152 m left of the extended centerline. The water at the accident site was 4 m deep.The Douglas C-47 was shot down by Viet Cong. The plane crash-landed and was destroyed by ground fire. All three on board survived the crash, but the pilot and co-pilot were executed by the Viet Cong, and the kicker was interned.The Douglas C-47 was shot down by Viet Cong. The plane crash-landed and was destroyed by ground fire. All three on board survived the crash, but the pilot and co-pilot were executed by the Viet Cong, and the kicker was interned.A Douglas C-47 passenger plane was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside near Bogotá, Colombia. All eleven on board were killed.A Douglas C-47 passenger plane was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside near Bogotá, Colombia. All eleven on board were killed.A Douglas C-47 passenger plane was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside near Bogotá, Colombia. All eleven on board were killed.Crash-landed following in-flight fire. The fire was possibly due to sabotage.Crash-landed following in-flight fire. The fire was possibly due to sabotage.A Lockheed C-130B Hercules transport plane, serial 61-0970, was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at An Khe, Vietnam. All five crew members survived the mishap.The Saturn DC-6 was operating on a cargo flight to Kelly AFB. The crew decided to divert to civilian international airport at San Antonio and commenced the approach. The airplane descended 1100 feet below the glide slope, flew through trees and collided with a cliff.Written off.The plane stalled on finals and crashed.The DC-6 swerved after landing when asymmetrical reverse thrust was applied. The DC-6 was damaged beyond repair.On landing, directional control was lost due to improper reversing technique. The DC-6 groundlooped off the runway, causing the gear to collapse. The airplane was reportedly later flown to Cairo and scrapped there.Touched down 250 feet short of the runway, causing the nose and right main gear to collapse. The no. 2 engine was torn off and the right wing separated.The C-54 struck trees some 2700 m short of the runway while on a night-time ILS approach.Crashed into Shadow Mountain at an elevation of 4340 feet (1322 m) while descending towards Fairchild AFB.A snow tractor taxied into the path of a United Air Lines Viscount which was just landing. The Viscount collided with the snow plough, ripping open the airplane's belly and tearing off one of the wings.Reportedly crashed.An Antonov 12B cargo plane was destroyed in an accident shortly after takeoff from Novosibirsk-Tolmachevo Airport (OVB), Russia. All six crew members were killed.Crashed while on an operational supply mission.The Chase Avitruc operated on a cargo flight from Fort Lauderale, FL and Bimini, Bahamas. It was transporting cargo for the production of a movie.Exploded and crashed at Kenneth Hook five minutes after take-off.The AC-47D gunship operated on a night time mission for a target near Duc Pho, Vietnam. Closing in on the target, the airplane was hit by ground fire. A fire erupted. The pilot could not maintain control and the airplane crashed.Reported 'lost'.The cargo shifted rearward during the takeoff, causing the Centre of Gravity to go beyond the aft controllable limit. A precautionary landing was attempted, but the aircraft stalled and crashed.Reported crashed.Landing accident.A Brazilian DC-3 cargo plane operated by Sadia, crashed in mountainous terrain in Peru.Hit dirt bank during a touch-and-go. The runway was covered with ice and slush.Destroyed in a Viet Cong attack.National Flight 28 from San Francisco (SFO) to Miami (MIA) departed Tampa (TPA), one of the intermediate stops, and was hijacked by two armed men. They demanded to be flown to Cuba. It appears that the two had taken Mexican hostage, taking him along with them to Cuba.Emergency landing after being hit by a missile. Crashed on approach.The EC-47P radio intelligence aircraft was hit by 37 mm AAA while flying over Laos at 9500 feet. The no. 1 engine was damaged, hydraulics were lost but the crew managed to leave enemy territory. A forced landing was made at Ben Het Special Forces Camp.After takeoff the crew did not follow the correct departure procedure and did not turn out towards the ocean after takeoff. They continued over the island until it flew into a hill.The Il-14 operated on a cargo flight from Tbilisi to Yerevan. The flight was cleared for an approach over Lake Sivan. After Lake Sivan the flight crossed mountainous terrain. The crew reported low clouds and were not able to continue visual flight. The crew contacted the approach controller and requested conditions for the return flight to Tbilisi at an altitude of 3,000 m. The aircraft collided with a Mount Getantag at a height of about 2500 m.Air Manila Flight 507 departed Manila (MNL) at 18:14 for a flight to Mactan at FL130. Thunderstorms existed along the route and the crew probably deviated some 10nm right of the airway to avoid the hazardous weather. It was believed that the aircraft suddenly flew into a hidden cumulonimbus that may have appeared as a minor build up, but which was actually a fully developed and active cumulonimbus. Air loads associated with a sudden pull up manoeuvre, combined with gust loading probably caused both horizontal stabilizers to fail. The right-hand outer wing then failed due to air loads generated by a high angle of attack. The F-27 then went out of control and the fuel, escaping from the ruptured fuel tanks, ignited. The aircraft was flown at 180 knots, 40 knots more than recommended turbulent air operating speed.The tail of the Provider was hit by Vietcong mortar attack while the plane was on the runway on March 6. The damage was repairable, but the plane was hit by another mortar attack the day after, destroying the plane.A Tupolev 124 passenger plane, operated by Aeroflot's North Kavkaz division was destroyed in an accident at Volgograd Airport (VOG), Russia. One crew member was killed, the remaining 48 occupants survived.Ground accident; damaged beyond repair.The Provider transport plane was delivering troops and spare parts to the base at Khe Sanh. The pilot had to abort the approach because a light aircraft was still on the runway. While circling for another approach, the airplane was hit by ground fire. The pilot lost control and the airplane spiralled to the ground, killing all 49 on board.Air France Flight AF212 was a scheduled service from Santiago de Chile to Paris (France) with en route stops at Quito (Ecuador), Caracas (Venezuela), Pointe-à-Pitre (Guadeloupe) and Lisbon (Portugal).Three hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba.Crash-landed after electrical fire.Crash-landed at night in rainy weather.Crashed-landed back on the runway when being hit by fragments from an exploding mortar..The Hercules transport plane was hit by ground fire shortly after takeoff from Song Ba. The pilot turned away but received more gunfire. He was able to land the plane back at the airstrip. All on board got out safely before the Hercules burned out.The Ilyushin was en route to Petropavlovsk-Kamchatski at an altitude of 8000 m when an emergency situation forced the crew to start an emergency descent. While descending through FL100 the aircraft broke up and crashed in flames. One passenger survived the accident miraculously. His seat had separated together with a large section of airframe skin.In poor weather conditions, blowing snow, the DC-3 suffered an engine failure on takeoff. The aircraft collided with trees.The Lockheed OP-2E Neptune was shot down by AAA in Laos.Crashed into the Mekong River, about 100 miles (160 km) north of Vientiane after having contacted a mountain.Overran runway; damaged beyond repair.Delta Air Lines flight DL843 was hijacked by a passenger holding a pistol. He demanded to be flown to Cuba. Hit building.Destroyed by shell fire at Saigon-Tan Son Nhat Airport, Vietnam.Crashed on takeoff.Damaged beyond repair in rocket attack. A 122 mm rocket struck the cockpit.The Lockheed OP-2E Neptune was dropping acoustic buoys over the trail in Laos. It had two F-4 escorts out of Da Nang and an O-2A Forward Air Control spotter. After coming off his first target run, the Commander reported that they had been hit by small arms fire in the starboard wing but were continuing on with their second assigned target run.The flight from Hong Kong to Taipei was commenced with a CAT Senior Pilot performing the functions of a pilot-in-command. The flight was cleared for a straight in ILS runway 10 approach. The aircraft descended below the glide slope. The radio altimeter sounded at 350 feet, but corrective action wasn't taken in time. The 727 touched down, rolled 200 m and became airborne again before striking trees and a farmhouse. The Senior Pilot was properly licensed but he was neither the assigned pilot-in-command nor a pilot under training on this flight.On February 14,1968, a Douglas AC-47D gunship, departed Phan Rang Air Base (PHA) on a close air support mission.An Antonov 2 crashed at a height of 1,850 metres into the slope of Mount Tikasu (2,151 metres), 30 km from Nekrasovka and caught fire. Both pilots and all 4 passengers were injured.The tailwheel was damaged on landing. The Twin Pioneer was ferried to Singapore-Seletar but not repaired.The U.S. base at Khe Sanh was being resupplied with ammunition and fuel. One of the aircraft involved in the resupply mission was a USMC KC-130F Hercules, 149813. The airplane carried a load of flamethrowers and some rubber bladders filled with jet fuel.One hijacker. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. A Lockheed L-1649A Starliner cargo plane was transporting a cargo of cigarettes from Lima, Peru to Montevideo, Uruguay.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Lost water injection at or near rotation due to frozen water injection surge tube; takeoff aborted and overran. The airplane went down an embankment and broke in two.Crashed when one engine went into reverse on takeoff.The An-24 crashed shortly after takeoff from Alma-Ata (ALA). The right engine lost power after the landing gear had been retracted. The aircraft lost speed and height, hit trees and came down at Krasnoye Polye village close to the airport, the fuselage broke into two parts which both burnt out.William Jackson of Travel Associates leased DC-3 N142D from Avion Airways for the purpose of transporting sportsmen from Memphis to Belize. The aircraft departed Memphis at 04:36 on an IFR flight to New Orleans. At 06:35 the crew contacted New Orleans approach control: "... out of three point four for three thousand." The approach controller told the crew to maintain 3000 feet and proceed direct to the ILS outer compass locator. He gave the weather as "sky partially obscured visibility 1/16 fog and smoke, altimeter 30.00, runway 10 runway visual range less than 600 feet". The pilot elected to carry out the approach despite the fact that minimum visibility for an approach was 2400 feet and that the centerline lights were inoperative. After being given vectors for the runway 10 approach he decided to carry out a low pass and continue if runway lights became visible. Apparently the pilot continued the descent. The aircraft contacted the runway very hard 1198 feet past the threshold, bounced and after power was applied, the DC-3 struck the ground again 3100 feet further on. The airplane cartwheeled and caught fire.An engine failure was simulated during the takeoff and the aircraft yawed sharply to starboard, leveled off and entered a steeper climb while turning and rolling to the right. The aircraft struck the ground inverted.Rising sand in the Aswan area caused the visibility to drop from 10 km to 2-3 km. The flight had made 2 missed NDB approaches and was approaching for the third time when it suddenly banked right. The right wing contacted the left side of the runway 1120 m from the threshold. The wing broke of and the aircraft crashed in flames.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. On 9 March 1969 the aircraft was taxied into the hangar for a Check III inspection. The left elevator contacted a set of passenger stairs and sustained some damage. The elevator was changed during the inspection and the aircraft was test flown on March 18 and it was discovered that the elevator trim was ineffective. It appeared that the elevator trim tabs had been rigged in opposition. The problem was rectified and the aircraft departed Taiz for a test flight at 07:30 the next day. The DC-3 entered a 30deg bank angle turn at 700 feet and entered a dive. The aircraft struck the ground and burst into flames.4 hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. An Aerocondor DC-6 passenger plane was hijacked by a passenger shortly after takeoff from San Andrés Island Airport (ADZ). The hijacked demanded to be flown to Cuba. The pilot diverted the plane to Camagüey Airport (CMW), Cuba.A SAM Colombia airplane was hijacked during a domestic flight from Medellin to Barranquilla.VIASA flight 742 was a scheduled service from Caracas (CCS) to Miami (MIA) via Maracaibo (MAR). Prior to departure from Maracaibo, the crew performed the calculations necessary for the takeoff configuration. Faulty temperature sensors along the runway caused the crew to end up with wrong performance data for the planned takeoff. The takeoff roll was longer than planned and the airplane barely climbed, striking powerlines at an approximate height of 150 ft (50 m) above the ground, then plunged into the La Trinidad section of the city. All 84 occupants and 71 people on the ground were killed.On the ground, two explosions occurred in the tourist class passenger compartment.Missing over the Atlantic Ocean.Crashed short of the runway in poor weather following a flight from Vietnam. Three crew members initially survived the accidents but died on the 14th, 15th and 16th of March.The DC-3 ditched in the Pacific Ocean near Hawaii after both engines failed following loss of oil pressure. The airplane was being ferried to Zamrud Airlines in Indonesia.Crashed.Crashed. The airplane was carrying bottles of mercury that were believed to be smuggled into the country.The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight for the kolkhoz "Krasny Partizan" in the Pokrovskoye District of the Rostov Region without ATC authorisation when it encountered below-minima weather conditions with thick fog. The crew lost spatial orientation and the aircraft crashed in a snow-covered field 5,750 metres west of Nikolayevo-Kozlovski.A passenger on board the shuttle service from Newark (EWR) to Boston (BOS) could not pay his fare. He pulled a gun and went to the flight deck. A struggle ensued and the hijacker shot both pilots. He also sustained wounds in the chest himself. The copilot died, but the captain managed to land the plane safely at Boston. The hijacker was arrested by police.The Fleet Airborne Reconnaissance Sqdn One (VQ-1) EC-121K crashed while landing with the no. 3 engine out/feathered while returning from TainanCrashed into thick jungle on the edge of the Izeze River.While on base leg for Belém runway 06, the Fairchild crashed into Guajara Bay, 800 m short of the runway.The no. 1 prop had to be feathered when, four minutes after takeoff, an explosion occurred in the engine nacelle. Gear and flaps couldn't be lowered so the aircraft diverted to Cairo and made a wheels-up landing on the sand beside runway 05.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Both nose- and main gear were torn off when the DC-6 overran the runway after landing. The aircraft caught fire. Reportedly the reversers did not operate on landing. Capt. Mekuria Belete, the father of Yonas Mekuria, the co-pilot of the Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 that ditched off the coast of the Comoros in 1996, was reportedly demoted and lost 2 years of his seniority.6 hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. An Avianca Boeing 727-59 passenger jet was hijacked by four passengers, some twenty minutes after takeoff from Bogotá-Eldorado Airport (BOG).Hijackers reportedly committed suicide when attempt failed. 2 hijackers. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The aircraft crashed 3 km short of runway 21 and 0,5 km left of the extended centerline into snow in an uncontrolled attitude.Damaged beyond repair when the Li-2 veered off the runway on takeoff.Crashed.The pilot's of Air Canada flight 106 were warned of other traffic 1 mile in front of them, but they were unable to see it. A little later a slight jar was felt. The Viscount had collided with an Ercoupe 415 (CF-SHN), which spiralled down after the collision.Crashed during unauthorized flight by an Air Force instructor.Crashed.Fog on approach caused the crew to misjudge their altitude on finals. They flared prematurely, causing the Antonov the land heavily just short of the runway.Shortly after takeoff the right propeller developed negative thrust due to a malfunction. The crew was not able to counteract as the altitude was too low, and the aircraft crashed in a forest 1,350 metres behind the runway threshold and 310 metres to the right of the runway's extended centreline.The no. 1 engine backfired and lost power at V2. While returning to the airport with the engine on fire, speed was lost. A forced landing was made.A Convair CV-990 Coronado passenger plane, operated by Swissair, was destroyed when it crashed near Würenlingen, Switzerland, killing all 47 on board.At FL100, 20 minutes after takeoff from Frankfurt, an explosion in the forward freight hold blew a hole of 3'x2' through the bottom of the fuselage. The Caravelle safely returned to Frankfurt.The aircraft made a climbing right turn after a runway 10 takeoff from Taipei. At 1050 feet, heading 240 degrees, the DC-3 struck a 1230 feet-mountain.The Convair was flown with numerous maintenance discrepancies. Because of landing gear locking problems, the crew decided to carry out an emergency belly landing at Langley AFB. The aircraft belly landed there on a foamed runway.Crashed while attempting to land at the Cheyenne Municipal Airport, WY.An Ecuadorian male passenger hijacked an Avianca flight with a pocket knife. He was overpowered by passengers or crew.The Lodestar was on approach to Napier Airport when a flap cable broke, causing one flap to extend and making the aircraft uncontrollable.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Italy. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed into the slope of a hill at 6060 feet while on approach. Minimum altitude for that sector was 8000 feet.The aircraft stalled and crashed into a rice field. The no. 2 engine had failed.The aircraft lost speed and impacted terrain during takeoff from an airstrip near Tedzhen.Crashed.During the second of a series single engine touch-and-goes, the aircraft lost altitude and belly landed with flaps up. The aircraft carried the name "Nanggala".Damaged beyond repair.Crashed due to structural failure of the starboard outer wing while descending from 1200 m to 600 m on approach to Voroshilovgrad (now Lugansk).Control was lost during a 3-engine missed ILS approach procedure and the aircraft crashed.Crashed.6 hijackers. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair in hangar fire.Ran into an unmarked 3-foot high snow bank after landing.Damaged beyond repair in an accident on runway 06.The DC-3 undershot the runway on landing, causing the landing gear to collapse.The Aérospatiale SN.600 Corvette prototype was destroyed when it crashed during a test flight. The airplane was conducting stall manoeuvres at an altitude of 20000 feet with landing gear and flaps down. The airplane failed to recover from the stall and crashed, killing all three crew members.During takeoff from Jos runway 28, the F-27 swerved to the right off the runway and collided with heaps of gravel.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Sweden. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. A male passenger demanded to be flown to Cuba. He was armed only with a pair of clackers. Caught fire on landing after nose gear collapsed.The nosegear collapsed on touchdown in crosswind conditions. The Carvair came to a halt 1550 m from the threshold.The C-47 airplane was damaged beyond repair in a takeoff accident at Lubbock Airport, Texas (LBB). Directional control was lost on takeoff. The aircraft ran off the runway and the gear was raised to stop the plane.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Canada. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair.The C-130 Hercules transport plane operated on resupply airdrop mission at An Loc. The airplane had dropped the load and was climbing through 500 feet when it was struck by ground fire. The airplane crashed.The Fairchild AC-119 was sent on a mission to An Loc to destroy an ammunition drop that had landed on enemy territory. It was flying at 4700 feet when it was struck by 37 mm anti aircraft fire. One of the wings caught fire. Seven occupants bailed out safely before the aircraft crashed.The Hercules transport plane operated on a night time mission to drop supplies to beleaguered forces at An Loc. It was struck by ground fire when it approached the drop zone at 500 feet. The airplane crashed.Emergency landing on hacienda after mechanical failure during test flight.The DC-3 strayed off course on a flight from Guwahati to Calcutta via Bagdogra and collided with a hill. The wreckage was located 6 days later.The DC-3 took off from Chiclayo at 15:24 for a flight to Tarapota via Moyobamba. Last radio contact with the flight was at 16:15 when the crew asked for traffic and weather info at Moyobamba. The DC-3 was found to have struck a mountain.Four hijackers demanded release of prisoners. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.After departure at 16:00 from Mariánské Lázne Airport, two hijackers demanded to be taken to Germany. One of the hijackers shot and wounded the first officer.East African Airways Flight EC-720 to London via Addis Ababa and Rome departed Nairobi at 06:55 hours. The flight to Addis Ababa was uneventful and the VC-10 landed there at 08:23. During the transit stop at Addis Ababa, some freight was off-loaded together with 40 passengers. Fifteen passengers joined the flight and the airplane was refuelled. Start up clearance was given at 09:21 hours and the aircraft taxied out six minutes later via the eastern taxiway for takeoff on runway 07. The tower advised the aircraft that the wind was 5 knots and variable in direction. At 09:32 hours, as the aircraft was backtracking to the takeoff point, the pilot reported a number of dead birds on the runway. He requested that these birds be removed before the aircraft took off. A fire truck was dispatched to take care of this. The aircraft continued to backtrack down the runway and turned in the pad at the end. It then lined up on the runway and stopped a short distance from the threshold. At 09:38:40 hours, the tower cleared the aircraft for takeoff. Shortly after the aircraft had passed the mid-point of the runway, at or just below the V1 speed, the nose wheel ran over a steel jacking pad. This jacking pad belonged to a Cessna 185 that had departed 4:40 earlier. The pad punctured the right hand nose wheel tire. A loud bang was heard and severe vibration was felt on the flight deck. Almost immediately after the nose wheel tire had burst, the nose of the aircraft rose momentarily and then come down. The flight crew decided to abort the takeoff. The engines were throttled back and reverse thrust was selected. The aircraft continued down the runway, veering slightly to the right. Then the no.1 rear main tire burst. Just before the aircraft reached the end of the runway, it veered slightly to the left and ran approximately parallel to the centre line. After crossing a storm drain located at the end of the runway at right angles to the centre line, the aircraft became momentarily airborne as it left the lip of the embankment on which the 60 m stopway was laid. As it did so, the left outer wing of the aircraft struck a steel lattice tower forming part of the approach lighting system to runway 25. This ruptured the no. 1A fuel tank and the released fuel promptly ignited. Sixty metres beyond the end of the runway the aircraft fell heavily on to the lower ground 10.6 m below the runway level. It broke up immediately on impact and after sliding a short distance, came to rest and caught fire.One hijacker. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker demanded to be taken to Egypt. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair.One hijacker demanded money. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. ATI flight BM392 was a scheduled service from Roma-Fiumicino (FCO) to Foggia (FOG). The flight was cleared for takeoff from runway 16 and takeoff was accomplished at 21:56. Immediately after takeoff the crew contacted the Rome Departure controller. The controller confirmed the en route clearance via Pratica, Latina and Teano. He then instructed the flight crew to contact Pratica di Mare. The crew was not able to contact the air traffic controller at Pratica di Mare. At 22:00 the flight contacted Rome Departure again. They reported leaving FL65 for FL110 and noted their problems of contacting Pratica. They were then instructed to call Rome-Control (Terminal Sector South). At 22:04 flight 392 contacted the Terminal Sector South controller and reported at FL100, estimating Latina at 22:10. The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight from Arzamas. During the 30th flight that day it collided with a high-voltage power-line 500 metres south-west of Vyyezdnoye (Arzamas District of the Gorki Region) while flying against the sun. The aircraft impacted a water-filled ravine 258 metres further on.The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight from Arzamas. During the 30th flight that day it collided with a high-voltage power-line 500 metres south-west of Vyyezdnoye (Arzamas District of the Gorki Region) while flying against the sun. The aircraft impacted a water-filled ravine 258 metres further on.An overload caused the failure of a flap control rod. The Skyvan crashed out of control.Both engines failed during a flight from Humaitá to Manaus. The crew was not able to relight the engines and a forced landing was performed in a rain forest.Crashed.Destroyed during rocket attack.A Mexican national with a history of psychiatric problems hijacked Frontier Airlines Flight 91 to Los Angeles using an unloaded gun. Destroyed by rocket attack at Da Nang AB, Vietnam.A NAMC YS-11, registered PP-SMI, was destroyed when it flew into the side of a mountain while descending for Rio de Janeiro. All 25 on board were killed in the accident. During descent in IMC, the crew tuned the ADF instruments to the wrong NDB station. The crew reported over the AF NDB at FL50 and flew into the side of a mountain two minutes later.A NAMC YS-11, registered PP-SMI, was destroyed when it flew into the side of a mountain while descending for Rio de Janeiro. All 25 on board were killed in the accident. During descent in IMC, the crew tuned the ADF instruments to the wrong NDB station. The crew reported over the AF NDB at FL50 and flew into the side of a mountain two minutes later.A C-47 transport plane was chartered to fly cargo from Madang to Mendi, Papua New Guinea. On the approach hydraulics were lost and the plane returned to Madang .The DC-6 was misaligned and appeared to be too high on an ILS approach. The pilot corrected this, but the rate of descent increased. The nosegear collapsed when it struck a wall, 12 m short of the runway. The aircraft slid onto the runway and came to rest after 300 m.One hijacker demanded money. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Two hijackers. Hijackers taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One of the engines failed on takeoff from Siena. The wing dropped and contacted the ground. The Andover cartwheeled and caught fire.Hijacker parachuted near Provo, UT and later captured 1 hijacker demanded money. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed.One hijacker demanded money. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The AC-130E gunship was attacking a convoy of trucks on the Ho Chi Minh Trail in Laos. During the attack it was struck by 57 mm ground fire. The airplane was flying at an altitude of 7500 feet at the time. The pilot attempted to reach Thailand, but a fire had started on the starboard wing. The crew parachuted to safety.The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight for the sovkhoz (state farm) "Gornyak" in the Starobeshevo District of the Donetsk Region. The aircraft lost height and impacted terrain when flying a steep right turn at a height of some 50 metres. A post-impact fire erupted.The DC-3 crashed shortly after takeoff.4 hijackers demanded release of prisoners. Refueling stops were made in Willemstad, Panama-City, and Merida, before arriving in Cuba.The Tupolev 104 was hijacked by a passenger, who demanded to be flown to China. The explosive device which he had taken with him detonated at an altitude of FL300, causing the plane to crash east of Lake Baikal.The Viscount landed in heavy rain and veered off the left side of the runway, immediately after touchdown. The undercarriage collapsed.The overloaded An-2 was damaged beyond repair after impacting terrain near Vologda.The An-2 was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing following an engine failure.The DC-8, named "Srisubhan", touchdown far and overran the runway, and crossed a concrete drain.The C-46 departed Ellington AFB 1120 lb (508 kg) overloaded. On climbout the right propeller oversped. The crew was unable to lower the gear and carried out a wheels-up landing in a field along the I-45 west of the airport.The aircraft took off with inner spoilers deployed. This resulted in severe vibrations after takeoff and the engines No. 1 and 3 losing power. The crew decided to make a forced landing straight ahead in a forest.Crashed at sea following engine failure.A Howard 350, converted for crop spraying operations, descended just prior to the first swath run and impacted terrain in near level attitude. A post-impact fire broke out.Struck powerline on a hill and crashed while approaching Galeão Airport. The Learjet had diverted from Rio de Janeiro-Santos Dumont Airport due to a wet runway.A Lockheed C-130B Hercules transport plane, serial 61-0972, was destroyed when it crashed while on approach to Pleiku Airport (PXU), Vietnam. All five crew members were killed.Damaged beyond repair.Crash-landed following engine failure.En route between Magadan and Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Russia, the right hand engine failed. It was flying at an altitude of 3300 m at the time. The crew considered diverting to Sobolevo but the runway there was covered with snow.Two Garuda C-47 aircraft collided while approaching Palembang and crashed into a swamp.Two Garuda C-47 aircraft collided while approaching Palembang and crashed into a swamp.Crashed.Probably written off.An Il-18 passenger plane CCCP-75687, was destroyed in an accident 84 km south of Semipalatinsk. All 55 passengers and eight crew members were killed.Forced landing in jungle due to engine failure. Nineteen survivors were rescued on 10 February 1968 at Igarapé de Olinda. The aircraft operated on a flight for the Correio Aéreo Nacional (CAN), a postal service for remote areas of Brazil.Visibility was zero when Flight 322 landed at Vancouver. Visual reference was lost after the flare and prior to touchdown; the aircraft overran the runway and collided with parked aircraft, vehicles and two buildings.The Orion was on an antisubmarine patrol mission out of Thailand when it crashed into 100 feet of water off South Vietnam.The LC-117D was damaged beyond repair when it slipped from her sling while being hauled aboard a ship. It fell 25 feet to the quay. The airplane was pushed out on the ice of the Ross Sea to drift away to sink in the frozen Antarctic water.Crashed on approach. Accident date to be confirmed as 21 JAN 1968.The Heron touched down on the right side of the runway in a right wing low attitude. The aircraft became airborne again and the left aileron struck a light at the right side of the runway. The plane climbed nose high with full flaps and crashed into rocks and plunged into the sea.While photographing the Caravelle in flight, the Thai Defence Beechcraft collided with the tail of the Caravelle at FL250. The Beech crashed out of control; the Caravelle landed safely at Don Muang.Crashed.The nose gear collapsed on landing and the DC-7, which was leased from Transair Sweden, ran off the runway.The KC-135 plane left March AFB where it was stationed, carrying Maj. Gen. Charles M. Eisenhart on a staff visit to Minot AFB (MIB). The next day the flight was to continue to Glasgow, MT (GGW). The airplane overrotated during takeoff in a snowstorm, stalled and crashed.Crashed.Crashed into mountain.The JetStar was executing a visual approach to Bremen following an IFR ferry flight from Cologne Airport (CGN). At the same time a Piaggio P.149D trainer aircraft of the Lufthansa Flying School took off from Bremen. The student pilot was flying under the 'hood' in order to simulate an IFR training mission. The aircraft, operated by Air Force squadron 25, went missing while on a flight from Chandigarh to Leh. Weather was deteriorating as a weather disturbance from the Pakistan side was moving in fast and the higher reaches of the mountains in the flight path were getting covered up. Reportedly the captain decided to return to Chandigarh but the airplane failed to arrived.The DC-3 departed Cairo at 07:21 for Beirut, but the crew elected to return due to icing conditions. The aircraft crashed out of control, approaching Cairo.While bombing within Laos territory, the plane was shot down by a crew member aboard a helicopter operated by Air America.While bombing within Laos territory, the plane was brought down by small arms fire.While bombing within Laos territory, the plane was brought down by small arms fire.Damaged beyond repair in hard landing.Turbulent conditions caused an uncontrolled descent. The aircraft struck Mount Tobin 300 feet. below the summit and slid 1000 feet down.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair when it landed 700 metres short of the runway at Karaganda.The Boeing landed nose gear-first in heavy rain and wind gusting to 45 knots. The nose gear folded back and a localized fire around the nose gear was quickly extinguished. After 20-30 min the fire again erupted and rapidly consumed the cabin and cockpit. The aircraft was on a flight from Kano to Beirut via Lagos.The DC-3 cargo plane departed Munich (MUC), Germany about 16:00 on a cargo flight to Zagreb (ZAG), Yugoslavia. En route near Linz, Austria, one of the airplane's engines began to ran rough. Moments later flames were seen coming from the engine. The airplane lost height and the crew attempted an emergency landing at Linz-Hörsching Airport (LNZ). The airplane did not make it and the pilot made a forced landing in a forest.The aircraft was most probably accidentally shot down by a missile. It broke up in mid-air at 4,500 m and crashed.The aircraft was most probably accidentally shot down by a missile. It broke up in mid-air at 4,500 m and crashed.Crashed shortly after takeoff.The P-3 Orion aircraft was on a practice GCA approach to Lemoore-NAS/Reeves Field, CA (NLC). The aircraft nosed down at the approach end of the runway then flared nose high with an excessive sink rate. It touched down on the port main landing gear, then the starboard main landing gear, followed by the fuselage section just forward of the mad boom striking the runway. The port wing broke inboard of the #2 engine on or shortly after touchdown and separated from the fuselage. The fuselage slid down the runway and came to rest off the left side of the runway approximately 1100 feet from the approach end. The port wing continued approximately 300 feet beyond the fuselage. Both parts were engulfed in flame. One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Prinair flight 277 departed Saint Thomas at 17:15 for an IFR flight to San Juan. At 17:32, the flight contacted San Juan Approach Control and advised that the flight was maintaining 4,000 feet. The trainee approach controller replied:"Prinair two seven seven San Juan Approach Control radar contact three miles east of Isla Verde fly a heading of two five zero for a vector to ILS final maintain four thousand." Actually the flight was 3 miles east of the Fajardo intersection instead of the Isla Verde intersection which is located about 10 miles west of the Fajardo intersection. One minute later the Heron was cleared to descend to 3,000 feet. At 17:38, after being vectored for a runway 07 approach, the airplane contacted trees and crashed, coming to rest near the top of a knoll in the Sierra de Luquillo mountains at an elevation of about 2400 feet (731 m).The An-2 crashed during a crop-spraying flight from Rubashovka for the sovkhoz (state farm) "Krasnoye Znamya" with an unauthorised passenger on board when the intoxicated pilot illegally performed aerobatics. While recovering from a loop at low altitude the aircraft crashed into the ground 140 metres from Rubashovka airstrip and burst into flames.Crash landed following engine failure.Crashed into the Pacific Ocean. The crew rescued was by SS President Cleveland, an American passenger ship.Eastern Air Lines flight EA955 was hijacked by one passenger shortly after takeoff from Atlanta Municipal Airport, GA (ATL) at 14:31. The man pulled a .22 caliber pistol and demanded to be flown to Cuba. He remained in Cuba while the DC-8 was allowed to fly back to the U.S.The aircraft entered a shallow descent to make an emergency landing 10 minutes after takeoff. The no. 2 engine had probably failed, with the no. 2 prop windmilling. The aircraft passed over a wooded area and belly-landed in a small cleared area and skidded into a creek.The aircraft entered a shallow descent to make an emergency landing 10 minutes after takeoff. The no. 2 engine had probably failed, with the no. 2 prop windmilling. The aircraft passed over a wooded area and belly-landed in a small cleared area and skidded into a creek.Damaged beyond repair.The pilot failed to execute a flare on the second attempt to land on runway 10. The Viscount struck the runway 1000 feet short of the intended touchdown point. The nose gear collapsed and the fuselage ruptured. Visibility was poor with blowing snow.El Al Flight LY432, was a scheduled service from Amsterdam (AMS), the Netherlands to Tel Aviv (TLV), Israel, with an intermediate stop at Zürich (ZRH), Switzerland.The DC-3 swung to the left just before lifting off. The plane became airborne and struck the ground left of the runway. The DC-3 had been overloaded and the centre-of-gravity was too far aft. The takeoff was performed by the copilot under downwind/crosswind conditions.The DC-3 aircraft left Hawthorne (HTH) at 03:50 PST on a VFR flightplan for Burbank (BUR) and Long Beach (LGB). Last contact with the flight was at 04:06 when the crew contacted the Tonopah Flight Service Station, and requested that their flight plan be opened. At 05:10, some 20 km West of Lone Pine, the airplane impacted the face of a sheer cliff on the east slope of the Mount Whitney at an elevation of 11,770 feet m.s.l. (3587 m). The main body of the wreckage slid down the cliff and came to rest 500 feet back from the cliff.The aircraft took off from runway 30, climbed to 300 feet until it started to descend again. The C-46 struck the ground 1 mile beyond the end of the runway. The aircraft had been overloaded.Crashed.Crashed on takeoff.Shot down by small arms fire.The Noratlas transport plane operated on a flight from Neubiberg to Köln via Erding. Eyewitnesses reported the plane entered a zone of heavy snow storm after taking off from Erding. The airplane crashed into a farm house, killing 10 occupants of the airplane and a young girl inside the house.Crashed. The aircraft operated on a radar calibration flight.The Neptune operated on a night time training flight, conducting practice landings at Santa Ana-El Toro MCAS, California.Three hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The pilot attempted to land on a short and narrow runway, without being able to determine the wind direction and strength. The aircraft landed downwind at a higher than recommended speed, bounced and touched down 1900 feet past the threshold. Braking action and deceleration were not satisfactory and the pilot elected to overshoot. Takeoff power was applied, but the gear struck a snow bank at the end of the runway and the F-27 continued into trees, coming to rest 1800 feet beyond the end of the runway.Piper PA-28 N4531R was on a training flight out of Harlingen when it flew a left hand approach pattern. The pilot however had failed to advise the approach controller of his presence. At the same time, a Texas International DC-9 was on a straight-in approach and collided with the Piper at an altitude of 90 meters agl. The Piper crashed, seriously injuring the pilot. The DC-9 landed safely at Harlingen Airport. A contributory factor was an improperly installed Runway End Identifier Lights (REIL) system, causing excessive glare.The EC-47Q operated on a radio direction finding mission to locate enemy forces on the Ho Chi Minh Trail. The airplane crashed after being hit by ground fire. The wreckage was located on May 16, 1969.SAM Colombia flight 601 was hijacked by a male passenger armed with a gun. The airplane was en route from Barranquilla (BAQ) to Cartagena (CTG), Medellín and Cali, Colombia.A USAF Lockheed HC-130H Hercules transport plane was destroyed when it struck surface of the sea off Taiwan and crashed. One crew member survived, 13 were killed. The Hercules was dispatched to search for survivors of Japanese freighter 'Shoka Maru' which sank en route between Japan and Cambodia.Crashed on landing at Titograd (now Podgorica).The C-46 ditched in the Rio Negro river following fuel exhaustion.4 hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Two hijackers. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The Viscount struck an electricity pylon on approach, crashed and burst into flames.Crashed.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba.The Boeing KC-97, operated by the Wisconsin Air National Guard, was arriving at Milwaukee in fog and rain. The ceiling was reportedly at 200 feet and the visibility was half a mile. On final approach the airplane contacted the ground short of the runway, broke up and caught fire.Three hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Two hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Destroyed in a night time Viet Cong mortar attack.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair in landing accident.The AC-119K ran out of fuel while on approach to Da Nang following a night time armed reconnaissance mission. The airplane landed short of the runway and sustained substantial damage.Touched down too far down the runway and overran into muddy ground.A Lisunov Li-2, CCCP-21504, sustained substantial damage in a takeoff accident at Leningrad (now St. Petersburg). One crew member died.4 hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The Air Congo C-47, 9Q-CUP, was reportedly damaged beyond repair in an accident.About two minutes after takeoff one of the two engines lost power. The crew tried to return by initiating a right turn, but the aircraft descended rapidly until impacting the sea.A Douglas C-47 passenger plane, operated by the Colombian airline La Urraca, was destroyed when it crashed near Puerto López, Colombia. Of the fourteen occupants, one survived. The survivor, a 22 year old male passenger died of his injuries on February 15.A rough running no. 1 engine was shut down at 5500 feet, 35 min after takeoff. METO power was set on the remaining engine. This engine began to vibrate a short while later, followed by an explosion. The crew had to ditch the DC-3.Crashed during an attempted emergency landing.Pilgrim Flight 203 departed from Groton about 16:21, approximately 15 minutes behind schedule primarily because of ground delays encountered on previous flights which used the aircraft. Shortly after takeoff, Flight 203 reported on course and was instructed to contact the New York Center. Communications were established at 16:27 and the Center cleared the flight to Deer Park via its flight plan route to cross Saybrook at 4,000 feet, and then to climb and maintain 6,000 feet. At 16:33, the New York Center controller recleared the flight to Deer Park, to climb to 9,000 feet, and issued it holding instructions at Deer Park. About 2 minutes later, the controller advised that 7,000 feet was open for the flight, with the possibility of no holding, and he cleared it back to 7,000 feet. The flight reported at 7,000 immediately thereafter. About 16:36, the controller told Pilgrim 203 that if holding were necessary, its expected approach clearance time was 17.06. At 16:47 the crew contacted Kennedy Approach Control and they reported holding at Deer Park at 7,000 feet. About this time, the weather conditions at the Kennedy Airport deteriorated, and some flights which were then making instrument approaches to runway 13L began missing their approaches. Because of this, instrument approaches were changed to runway 22R, which had a better RVR. At 16:55, in connection with the runway change, Pilgrim 203 was recleared to hold in the Medford holding pattern. At 1709, Pilgrim 203 was given an expected approach clearance time of 17:46, which the flight acknowledged. At 17:39, the Kennedy approach controller cleared Pilgrim Flight 203 to descend to 6,000 feet. At 17:42, the crew of Pilgrim 203 radioed: "Pilgrim 203 request New Haven if we can get there, expedite." At 17:48, the flight was cleared to descend to 4,000 feet, and at 1750, it was cleared to Pond Point, which is the final approach fix from which VOR instrument approaches are made to New Haven-Tweed Airport. During the next minute, Pilgrim Flight 203 contacted Westchester Approach Control and asked for the latest Tweed weather. It was advised that the weather was: Scattered cloudsDue to buffeting, the takeoff had to be rejected at a height of 30 feet. The aircraft landed back, overran the runway and struck a fence. The undercarriage was torn off and a small fire started.Crashed at the South African SANAE Station in Antarctica.Two hijackers, each armed with a pistol, seized the plane en route to Santiago. When it landed at Santiago, the hijackers permitted seven adults and fiveAn existing 11" crack above the left side door propagated catastrophically, resulting in tearing of the upper forward fuselage skin for about 17". An explosive decompression caused large skin sections from the top and right side of the fuselage to be torn away. The airplane crashed in flames.The right main landing gear collapsed when landing short of the runway; damaged beyond repair.The right main landing gear collapsed when landing short of the runway; damaged beyond repair.Flight AR 707 departed Asuncion, Paraguay for a flight to Buenos Aires-Aeroparque. Intermediate stops were planned at Formosa, Corrientes and Rosario.The freighter aircraft crashed into the ground, 2,5 miles short of the runway of Fort-Archambault (now Sarh) Airport when the pilot believed he was at 500 feet.An Antonov 24B passenger plane, YR-AMT, was destroyed when it flew into a mountainside in the Vladeasa mountain group, Romania. All six crew members and seven passengers died instantly. All but one of the surviving passengers later died before rescuers were able to reach the wreckage.The Boeing Stratoliner struck a Lao Air Force Douglas C-47 while landing at Luang Prabang, Laos.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba, Canada. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Written off.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair in an early morning rocket attack. A 122 mm rocket went into the fuselage.The right main gear brake dragged on takeoff, forcing the pilot to make an intentional ground loop to avoid trees. The plane sustained irreparable damage. The braking assembly had been changed and adjusted two days prior to the accident.A Douglas C-54B (DC-4) transport plane of the Colombian Air Force was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Barrancabermeja (EJA), Colombia.The Curtiss, on a flight from La Paz to San Borja, struck Cunatincuta Mountain, 13 minutes after takeoff.Southern Airways Flight 41, a scheduled air carrier passenger and cargo flight, struck an electric transmission line static cable during a VOR/DME approach to runway 13 at the Gulfport Municipal Airport. A successful go-around was accomplished and the aircraft was landed at Gulfport without further incident. The aircraft received substantial damage to the left main landing gear, left wing leading edge, and left fuselage. The left engine sustained foreign object ingestion damage. There was no fire. The Hercules was deployed at Antarctica during Operation Deep Freeze 71. The Hercules was taxiing on the skiway and manoeuvred around the GCA.Below-minima conditions at the destination Vorkuta (VKT) forced the crew to divert to Vorkuta-2, a military snow strip in the tundra. The An-12 touched down 15 m left of the snow runway's centre-line in bad visibility and cross-wind conditions. It overran the runway, hit a snow-mound and broke up.Crashed.Following a runway 35 takeoff for an 8-minute sightseeing flight, the no. 1 engine failed on crosswind leg. The prop was feathered and the remaining engine set to METO power 35 inches with 2350 rpm. When the aircraft lost height and started vibrating, power was set to 40in. and 2450 rpm. The aircraft continued to descent, so a forced landing had to be made. The right wing struck trees and a pond dam.Crashed. The airplane was spraying against malarial mosquitoes.After a flight from Anchorage the C-46 nosed up on touchdown on an ice covered lake. The nose section, including cockpit, broke off when the plane broke through the ice.Landed short of the runway. Damaged beyond repair.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed into sea.The F-27 Friendship was hijacked on January 30 while flying over Nagrota, India. Two hijackers entered the cockpit, armed with a revolver and a grenade. The Friendship, with 32 on board, was diverted to Lahore, Pakistan.Aileron oscillations coincided with flap extension. The crew misunderstood this as asymmetrical flap extension and retracted the flaps again. The airspeed had dropped to 172 knots. The aileron suddenly deflected then , causing a left roll. The aircraft undershot the runway.A Boeing 727, operated by Trans Australia Airlines, and a Douglas DC-8, operated by CP Air, both sustained substantial damage in a runway collision at Sydney-Kingsford Smith International Airport, NSW (SYD), Australia. There were no injuries.A Boeing 727, operated by Trans Australia Airlines, and a Douglas DC-8, operated by CP Air, both sustained substantial damage in a runway collision at Sydney-Kingsford Smith International Airport, NSW (SYD), Australia. There were no injuries.Damaged beyond repair in an accident in the Far East.An aircraft, operated by Aerovias Quisqueyana, was hijacked by a male passenger. The hijacker demanded to be flown to Havana, Cuba. The pilot wanted to divert to Port-au-Prince to refuel, but permission to land was denied. The flight then diverted to Cabo Rojo Airport. The hijacker was overpowered after landing.The Viscount contacted trees and crash-landed on a wooded mountain slope in the Andes.The pilot miscalculated the fuel consumption and flying time. The plane was eventually ditched 215 miles off the coast.The AC-130A gunship operated on a truck hunting mission over the Ho Chi Minh Trail. It was struck by one of three SA-2 surface to air missiles fired at the aircraft.The An-2 took off from Voroshilovgrad (now Luhansk) when the pilot decided to commit suicide due to marital problems. He took off alone and directed his aircraft into the 4-storey building where he was living (house No. 10 in the 27th district of Voroshilovgrad). Several flats were seriously damaged and a fire erupted, but nobody in the house was injured while the pilot was killed on impact; t/t 9,044 hours andThe aircraft impacted terrain when suffering from heavy icing.The C-47 crashed while practicing touch-and-go's at Lake Charles Air Force Base in Louisiana. The aircraft landed hard and veered to the left into a covered concourse.Crashed into Shamsan Mts, while on visual approach to runway 08.The Tu-104 struck a snow wall just short of the runway and crashed during the fifth landing attempt.At 7000 feet, when descending towards Hill AFB, the crew got a no. 2 prop low oil warning. The engine was shut down, but the prop wouldn't feather. An emergency was declared and the aircraft landed on runway 32. During the ground roll, the no. 2 prop separated. Pieces ruptured the no. 1 fuel tank. This caused an explosion and a fire on the left side of the Electra. The aircraft came to rest 4000 feet from the runway threshold.The C-47 cargo plane impacted the 5300 m (17388 ft) high Sangay Volcano while en route between Quito and Macas, Ecuador. The volcano is located 41 km northwest of the destination airport, Macas.Sterling Flight 296 was a charter service from Colombo (CMB), Sri Lanka to Copenhagen (CPH), Denmark. Refueling stops were planned at Bombay, Dubai, and Ankara. During landing, the right wingtip struck the ground. The airplane veered off to the right and cartwheeled when the wingtip dug into the grass next to the runway. A fire erupted.One hijacker. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. A bomb exploded in the right rear part of the cockpit while the aircraft was parked. Earlier someone had demanded USD 2.000.000 from TWA, threatening to blow up TWA aircraft.Hijacked to Cuba.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Sweden. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The aircraft was 8,5 miles S of the airport on an ILS back course approach to runway 01 when the crew reported problems with the propeller cruise lock. The prop could not be feathered and the aircraft struck a house 3,5 miles short of the runway.Both engines flamed out after takeoff from runway 06R. A safe wheels-up landing was made on a snow covered farm field.Withdrawn from use after accident.Withdrawn from use after accident.The Antonov lost control and crashed on approach to Mineralnye Vody's runway 12 when the pilot unintentionally applied reverse thrust at an altitude of 200 m, about 2000 m short of the runway.Crashed.Five hijackers demanded money. Hijackers demands were accepted. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.The Antonov 24 was approaching Lipetsk, when at an altitude of 1500 m the pilot unintentionally applied reverse thrust. Control was lost and the airplane crashed.A Douglas DC-3 passenger plane was damaged beyond repair after being struck by a mortar shell. The shell was fired by communist forces. Cambodian military sources reported that the tail of the DC-3 was hit as it was taking off. Three passengers were killed, eight were injured.The pilot attempted 'static' take-off in strong cross-wind conditions. The aircraft nosed down when the pilot opened power with brakes on without holding back the control stick. This resulted in substantial damage to the aircraft. None of the four crew members on board received any injury.The aircraft crashed and was totally destroyed near the threshold of runway 16 at 18:30 LT. All 7 crew members and 4 passengers (two civilian and two military) were killed. The crew descended prematurely under the MDA at the conditions of low clouds, not having a good visual contact with the runway.Due to poor landing technique and improper manoeuvring of the controls by the pilot at the initial stage of landing the aircraft made an initial heavy impact on the runway, bounced more than once, touching down each time heavily on the runway, causing extensive structural damage including collapse of nose gear.Damaged beyond repair by fire. The aircraft was leased from Aeronorte Colombia.A military transport plane of the South Yemen Air Force crashed, killing all 25 aboard.The Curtiss had an accident on landing.The Li-2, used for upholding communications with Russian submarines in the Arctic, was taxiiing for takeoff on the ice when it fell through the ice. Since the aircraft was equipped with secret equipment, it was blown up.Not providedNo.1 engine failure on climbout forced the pilot to ditch.The Noratlas jumped the chocks during an engine run. The aircraft ran over a parking lot and impacted a  wall. Three people were injured. Repairs (new fuselage from Nord as replacement of damaged fuselage underside) was abandoned in 1974.An Aeroflot flight from Leningrad to Moscow was hijacked by a passenger who demanded to be flown to Stockholm.Crashed.Crashed. The aircraft carried 14 American and Canadian passengers.Improper operation of the fuel system followed by failure to extend the undercarriage.The Super Ventura crashed during landing an attempted off airport landing on the premises of an estate. No flight plan had been filed and it appeared the aircraft operated on a drug run.The An-2 operated on a positioning flight from Andreyevka (Taldy-Kurgan Region of Kazakhstan) to Almaly for crop-spraying operations for the sovkhoz (state farm) "Andreyevski" with 2 aircraft mechanics and 2 local guides on board. The captain decided not to circumvent the Chubundy (Shybyndy) mountain ridge, but to cross it directly. In doing so the aircraft encountered below-minima weather conditions and the aircraft impacted the summit of the ridge at a height of 1,200 metres.Thrust reverser deployed in flight shortly after takeoff. The Sabreliner descended from about 1000 feet in a left bank striking the ground in a 55deg left bank and 10deg nosedown attitude.Lockheed P-3C 157332 departed Moffett Field for a training flight in the area. At the time of the accident, the crew had been flying approaches to touch-and-goes on runway 32L for about an hour and a half, circling in a left-hand pattern west of the air station. At the same time a Convair CV-990 operated by NASA (N711NA) was testing survey equipment over Monterey Bay. At 14:46 the CV-990 pilot contacted Moffett Field, stating that he was ten miles south of the air station and requesting a straight-in approach. They were then cleared for an approach to runway 32R and to contact the tower when he was seven miles out. Two minutes later the P-3C pilot reported that he was turning base with wheels down. At 14:49 the controller cleared the CV-990 to land at runway 32L.The pilot did not question the change of runways. The CV-990 descended above the P-3 on a converging path. The CV-990's nose gear collided with the tail and the upper fuselage of the Orion, which pitched up during the collision. Both aircraft lost control and crashed on the Sunnyvale Municipal Golf Course, half a mile short of the runway.Lockheed P-3C 157332 departed Moffett Field for a training flight in the area. At the time of the accident, the crew had been flying approaches to touch-and-goes on runway 32L for about an hour and a half, circling in a left-hand pattern west of the air station. At the same time a Convair CV-990 operated by NASA (N711NA) was testing survey equipment over Monterey Bay. At 14:46 the CV-990 pilot contacted Moffett Field, stating that he was ten miles south of the air station and requesting a straight-in approach. They were then cleared for an approach to runway 32R and to contact the tower when he was seven miles out. Two minutes later the P-3C pilot reported that he was turning base with wheels down. At 14:49 the controller cleared the CV-990 to land at runway 32L.The pilot did not question the change of runways. The CV-990 descended above the P-3 on a converging path. The CV-990's nose gear collided with the tail and the upper fuselage of the Orion, which pitched up during the collision. Both aircraft lost control and crashed on the Sunnyvale Municipal Golf Course, half a mile short of the runway.The An-2 was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing following a loss of engine power.The Invicta International Airlines Vickers Vanguard was operating on a charter flight from Bristol (BRS) to Basle Mulhouse (BSL). After entering the Basle Mulhouse terminal area, the flight was cleared to continue to the BN NDB. Weather was poor at that time: cloud base at 120 m (390 feet) and a reported runway visual range of 700 (2300 feet) and 1300 m (4250 feet). On arrival at the BN beacon the crew were cleared to descend to 2500 feet and were asked to report over the MN beacon before making a 90 degree left hand turn to finals for runway 16. At 09:56 the crew reported at 2500 feet, followed by a position report of the MN beacon at 09:57:40. When on finals over the BN beacon, the crew reported turning outbound and said they would report at the MN beacon again for another approach. When the crew reported overhead the BN beacon again, the plane was in fact overhead the airfield, flying parallel to the ILS localizer beam. After 1,5 minute the aircraft began to overshoot, correctly making an initial turn to the west. The crew, now flying well south of the field, were instructed to report back over the MN beacon. When reporting over the MN beacon again, before it would have to turn left for finals, the plane was in fact overhead the BS beacon, a beacon located to the south of runway 16. At 10:11:25 the crew reported over the BN beacon on finals and was cleared to land. In fact the plane was now flying 3 miles South of the field and 1 mile west of the extended centerline. Two miles further on Basle ATC asked the crew "Are you sure you are over the BN?". The captain replied "I think I've got a spurious indication. We are on the LO... on the ILS now, sir". Half a minute later the captain radioed "BN is established on localizer and glide path; the ADF's all over the place in this weather." Last radio contact was when the captain reported at 1400 feet, to which ATC replied that the flight was probably to the south of the airport. At 10:13 the plane brushed against a wooded range of hills and crashed 15 km from the airport. The aircraft disintegrated, except for the tail section, were most of the survivors were found.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair after the right undercarriage retracted whilst taxiing. Hydraulic pressure was lost for undetermined reasons. The aircraft was withdrawn from use and finally broken up in 1974.Crashed at or near NAS South Weymouth, MA on or by April 2, 1973.Crash-landed after being hit by gun fire.Crashed.Crashed.During its takeoff from runway 26 at Luton Airport the aircraft did not leave the ground until very near the end of the runway. After taking off it struck the centre section of the Instrument Landing System (ILS) localiser aerial array, sited beyond the end of the runway, and a number of the approach lights of runway 08. Although the aircraft suffered damage it climbed away successfully and later made a normal landing at Gatwick Airport.Takeoff nighttime from Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport was aborted and the crew decided to taxi back to the terminal. While taxiing to a parking spot on the apron, the left wing tip struck a blast fence, causing substantial damage. The Caravelle was withdrawn from use and scrapped.The pilot lost control in a steep bank. Density altitude was about 12000 feet.A Vickers 785D Viscount passenger plane, registered HK-1058, was destroyed in an accident at Cerro El Retiro, near Cúcuta, Colombia. All 44 on board were killed. The pilot lost control of the plane when the left tailplane and elevator separated during a VMC descent through 7000 feet. Damaged beyond repair. The aircraft was probably involved in locust control in Ethiopia.Fokker F-27, registered VH-EWL, was operating as East-West Airlines Flight 752/753 from Sydney (SYD) to Orange, Bathurst and back to Sydney.The Bristol Freighter entered a spiral dive and crashed on the ice following an engine failure.Crashed.Crashed. Suspected crew incapacitation by carbon monoxide.At 10:00 PDT Saturn Flight 14 departed the Alameda Naval Air-Station for a cargo flight to Wilmington, Delaware with an en route stop at Indianapolis The flight was uneventful before it reached Springfield, except for a deviation to avoid weather over Colorado. Shortly after a deviation to the right to avoid weather, the left wing separated from the aircraft at about outer wing station 162. The aircraft rolled and yawed violently, and shortly after the left wing failed , the right wing failed outboard of the no. 4 engine. The aircraft descended at a steep angle and crashed.The Electra freighter landed heavily 1000 feet down the runway in poor weather conditions consisting of snow and a cloud ceiling at 500 feet.The VC-47A escaped from Saigon on 29 April 75 when the city was taken by the Viet Cong. The plane crash-landed at U-Tapao Royal Thai Navy Base.Destroyed by shelling.Crashed.Crashed.The airplane struck trees and crashed when it failed to maintain a positive rate of climb after takeoff toward unlighted area. Approx. 436 lb (198 kg) over maximum takeoff gross weight.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The aircraft hit a steep bluff short of the runway due to downdrafts gusting to 30 kts.The aircraft struck Machu Sayari mountain at 4350 m (FL142) while descending in IMC conditions.At 72 knots IAS in takeoff, the aircraft started yawing to the right. The pilot couldn't counter the yaw and the aircraft ran off the side of the runway. Both gears were sheared off and the DC-3 came to rest 160 m from the runway edge.The BN-2A Islander CF-ZWF was extensively damaged when it descended into trees shortly after takeoff from Fort Simpson Airport, NT (YFS). Apparently both engines failed due to fuel exhaustion.Crashed.Crashed.Crashed.The Merlin IV hit trees half a mile short of runway 05. The pilot attempted a visual approach; patches of fog were present in the area.The aircraft had taken off from Phnom Penh for a flight to Kompong Chang when it was hit by shrapnel. The aircraft crashed and caught fire during the emergency landing.Destroyed in rocket attack. The registration has also been quoted as N48230, maybe the aircraft was re-registered after sustaining damage.Struck hill on approach.The aircraft crashed during crop-spraying operations for the Bestau sovkhoz (state farm) in the Kustanai Region of Kazakhstan when the intoxicated crew made an unauthorised flight to Amangeldy in the Komsomolski District of the Aktyubinsk Region. WhileAir France flight 139 was hijacked by four terrorists, two of which were members of the German Baader-Meinhof Gang. They directed the plane to Benghazi, Libya. After a six and a half hour delay, the plane took off again and flew to Entebbe. On the ground at Entebbe the hijackers were joined by three others.The Antonov lost height after the engine lost power. It hit a power line pole, crashed and burned.Struck by rocket and shell fire shortly after passenger disembarkation.10 hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Boeing 727-22C N7434U operated Flight 266 from Los Angeles to Denver, CO and Milwaukee, WI. The aircraft had been operating since January 15, 1969, with the No. 3 generator inoperative. This was allowed because according to the Minimum Equipment List, the aircraft is airworthy with only two generators operable provided certain procedures are followed and electrical loads are monitored during flight.Veered off runway; damaged beyond repair.Became airborne in a semi-stalled condition and crashed.Crashed into a mountain in the Hai Van Pass in poor weather conditions.The PSA Boeing 727 was climbing to it's cruising altitude when it collided with a Cessna 182L, registered N42242. Both aircraft were in controlled airspace on the same frequency. The Boeing continued to Ontario and landed safely. The Cessna's right wing was damaged so the pilot decided to return to San Francisco.G-ASJJ started the takeoff run from runway 18 and accelerated normally until a bang was heard immediately after takeoff. A captain on the jumpseat (who was supervising the route experience of the co-pilot during the flight), commented that he thought it was the no. 1 engine and advised to close the throttle a little later. The pilot-in-command then closed the throttle and lowered the nose from 12deg to 6deg pitch. The engine was shut down and the airspeed decreased from 140 knots to 115 knots. A forced landing was eventually carried out.Damaged beyond repair in ground collision with Ariana DC-6A YA-DAN.Written off.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Boeing RC-135S "Rivet Ball" was returning from a reconnaissance mission when it landed back at Shemya. The plane hydroplaned and slid off the ice covered runway, plunging into a 40 feet ravine.The DC-8, named "Sverre Viking", descended into the waters of Santa Monica Bay during an ILS approach to runway 07R. The aircraft broke into three pieced after impact; only the section with the wings, forward cabin and cockpit remained afloat for 20 hours. The section sank after being towed into shallow water.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.A Douglas DC-4 was hijacked by a male passenger, shortly after takeoff from Riohacha. He demanded to be taken to Cuba. A Douglas DC-4 was hijacked by a male passenger, shortly after takeoff from Riohacha. He demanded to be taken to Cuba. A Douglas DC-4 was hijacked by a male passenger, shortly after takeoff from Riohacha. He demanded to be taken to Cuba. Allegheny Airlines Flight 737 was a scheduled passenger flight from Washington, DC, to Detroit, MI, with en route stops at Harrisburg, Bradford, and Erie, PA. The flight was uneventful until it arrived in the Bradford area, about 20:22. About 20:23, Erie Approach Control asked flight 737 to report their distance to the airport: "Allegheny seven thirty seven, what are you showing DME from Bradford?". Upon which the crew replied, "Fifteen". Erie Approach Control then instructed, "... descend and cruise four thousand via Victor thirty three and cleared for the VOR thirty two (runway 32) approach to the Bradford Airport, report leaving six and Bradford's current weather sky partially obscured, measured ceiling eight hundred overcast, visibility one and one half and light snow showers, wind one seventy degrees at ten (knots) Bradford altimeter twenty nine point four nine." At ten miles from the airport Flight 737 asked for clearance to make its instrument approach to runway 14 instead of runway 32. The Bradford FSS Specialist obtained approval for this change from Erie Approach Control and so advised the flight. At 20:31 the flight reported completing the procedure turn inbound. The Convair clipped treetops 4,7nm short of the airport and cut a swath through trees bordering a fairway of the Pine Acres Golf Course. The aircraft came to rest inverted. Ariana Afghan Airlines Flight 701 departed Kabul on a flight to London-Gatwick. Intermediate stops were made at Kandahar, Beirut, Istanbul and Frankfurt. Prior to leaving Frankfurt the crew obtained the weather information of the London area. The RVR at Gatwick was 100 metres in freezing fog and no improvement was expected before 06:00 UTC the following morning. The visibility at Stansted was 2 km. The aircraft left Frankfurt at 00:36 UTC. After contacting London Airways at 01:13 the crew learned that runway 27 was in use at Gatwick and that the RVR was still 100 metres. The aircraft called Gatwick Approach at 01:27, reporting at FL50. The crew confirmed that they wanted to make an approach and were then cleared to 2,000 feet. The flight was vectored to capture the ILS. At 01:29 hrs the captain told ATC that in the event of a go-around he would proceed to the Mayfield NDB and then to London-Heathrow. Two minutes later, about 8 miles from touchdown the captain informed ATC that the aircraft was established on the ILS localiser. After the undercarriage was lowered the captain asked the flight engineer to warn him if the "stabilizer out of trim" warning light illuminated as it had done before while on approach to Frankfurt. After intercepting the glideslope the descent from 2,000 feet was started. At that point the "stabilizer out of trim" warning light illuminated. The engineer warned the captain who then saw that the autopilot was trimming the aircraft nose-down. Thinking this was wrong he disconnected the autopilot and re-trimmed the aircraft slightly nose-up. The aircraft crossed the ILS outer marker on the glide slope at 01:33 and the captain called for 30° flap, which the co-pilot set. As the flaps extended the rate of descent increased and the aircraft began to go below the glide-slope. The pilots remained unaware of the deviation from the glide-slope for some time. After the copilot called at 400 feet, the captain tried to trim the aircraft nose-up. There seemed to be no response. Both pilots then pulled back on the control column and at the same time the commander applied full power. The aircraft continued to descend and seconds later, as the nose began to rise in response to the application of elevator and power, it brushed through tree tops, knocked a chimney pot off a house, and then collided with tree trunks. This impact removed part of the starboard wing and the aircraft began to roll to the right. The aircraft broke clear of the trees and the starboard main wheels touched the ground in a field. The aircraft became airborne again, still rolling to the right, in a nose high attitude. Then the aft end of the fuselage collided with a house, which it demolished, and the aircraft disintegrated.Crashed at or near NAS Whidbey Island, WA on or by January 3, 1969.When reaching cruising level, the no. 2 engine failed. With the no. 1 engine at max power, an emergency descent for Arica or Tacna was made. Due to problems with the remaining engine, an emergency landing had to be made on the summit of the Vizcachuna mountain. While preparing for the forced landing, the aircraft struck a cliff at 12000 feet and crashed.When reaching cruising level, the no. 2 engine failed. With the no. 1 engine at max power, an emergency descent for Arica or Tacna was made. Due to problems with the remaining engine, an emergency landing had to be made on the summit of the Vizcachuna mountain. While preparing for the forced landing, the aircraft struck a cliff at 12000 feet and crashed.When reaching cruising level, the no. 2 engine failed. With the no. 1 engine at max power, an emergency descent for Arica or Tacna was made. Due to problems with the remaining engine, an emergency landing had to be made on the summit of the Vizcachuna mountain. While preparing for the forced landing, the aircraft struck a cliff at 12000 feet and crashed.When reaching cruising level, the no. 2 engine failed. With the no. 1 engine at max power, an emergency descent for Arica or Tacna was made. Due to problems with the remaining engine, an emergency landing had to be made on the summit of the Vizcachuna mountain. While preparing for the forced landing, the aircraft struck a cliff at 12000 feet and crashed.The Tu-124 was on approach to Murmanks (MMK) when it flew into the side of a hill. The airplane slid down the snow-covered slope. Five occupants died on impact, six others died due to the low temperatures while they were awaiting rescue workers.The Tu-124 was on approach to Murmanks (MMK) when it flew into the side of a hill. The airplane slid down the snow-covered slope. Five occupants died on impact, six others died due to the low temperatures while they were awaiting rescue workers.Collided with a snow-covered rocky mountain slope 40 km north-east of Batagay Airport at an altitude of 1020 meters (the height of the mountain 1081 meters). While on final approach to Delhi, the aircraft was caught in severe thunderstorms with turbulence and down draughts. The pilot couldn't control the aircraft, and the F-27 crashed short of runway 28.Crashed into La Vega Hill. The aircraft carried journalists who were reporting on the Mexican presidential campaign.At 1000 feet after takeoff (from runway 28R) the no. 4 engine failed and caught fire. Because the propeller continued to windmill, the flames were fed with engine oil. An emergency landing was carried out on runway 28R. The fire was extinguished, but the aircraft was damaged beyond repair.At 1000 feet after takeoff (from runway 28R) the no. 4 engine failed and caught fire. Because the propeller continued to windmill, the flames were fed with engine oil. An emergency landing was carried out on runway 28R. The fire was extinguished, but the aircraft was damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.The aircraft crashed after the pilot, co-pilot and two mechanics bailed out. The aircraft operated on it's third test flight.Damaged beyond repair in heavy landing.Prior to descent the checklist was completed except for the landing gear because the captain wanted to keep the speed above 130 knots in case he had to abort the approach. The Convair landed with the gear retracted, slid and came to a stop 4300 feet from the threshold. The gear warning horn did not work because it had been improperly set.Crashed.After a flight from Cairo and Khartoum, the aircraft was inbound at 04:14. On final approach the aircraft broke through clouds at approx. 150 feet, but was 200-300 feet to the right of runway 32. The Comet banked left, made some shallow turns and made a higher than normal landing flare half way down the runway. This caused the aircraft to stall; the left wing and pod fuel tank struck the runway and the Comet crashed.Crashed into a mountain.Crashed.About one minute after takeoff the aircraft encountered windshear and possible precipitation turbulence, causing the nose to pitch up. The aircraft stalled and crashed into the sea; an explosion followed.The C-47 transport plane, operated by the 355 Transport Squadron of the Hellenic Air Force, crashed in the Kithairon Mountains.Texas International Airlines Flight 926 sustained damage when it struck a tree and two power poles, 12,000 feet short of the runway threshold, during a predawn instrument approach to Harlingen Airport, Texas. After the aircraft struck the tree and power poles, the flightcrew executed a missed approach and proceeded to Houston Intercontinental Airport, Texas, where a safe landing was made. The aircraft sustained substantial damage as a result of striking the tree and poles. There were no injuries.The aircraft collided with a wild blue bull while taking off during night hours. The animal had entered the operational area due to inadequate fencing around the airport. A proper runway check was also not carried out before clearing the aircraft for takeoff due to which the presence of animal in the operational area went undetected.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker demanded to be taken to Albania. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.A Yugoslav male grabbed a stewardess, putting a knife to her throat. He demanded to be taken to Switzerland. As the airplane touched down at Jacksonville (JAX), he was overpowered by a passenger.A Fokker F-27 Friendship 600 passenger plane, operated by Iberia, sustained substantial damage in a landing accident at La Palma-Buena Vista Airport, Canary Islands, Spain.During the takeoff for a charter flight to Palma de Mallorca the no. 4 engine developed some trouble. The takeoff was aborted and the aircraft returned to the gate. It was decided to perform a three-engine ferry flight to Zürich for an engine-change. At 22:24 hours the aircraft started its takeoff roll on runway 19. During the takeoff roll, the nose yawed to the right. This was corrected by retarding no. 1 engine power from 85% to 80-60%. The aircraft rotated at 134 knots with 27 degrees flaps. While climbing, the aircraft banked 4-6 degrees to the right and the airspeed suddenly dropped to 10 knots below V2 (145kts). The Convair contacted some treetops, banked 10-15deg and crashed 1800 m from the point of lift-off.Damaged beyond repair after nose gear failed.Ground looped into trees.Crashed into a mountain.The Fokker crash-landed on a beach after an attempted hijack by a man carrying grenades. The hijacker and the co-pilot were killed by grenade explosions.The Boeing, named "Nandi Devi", ran off the side of the runway while performing a 3-engined takeoff (engine no. 4 out). The no. 3 and no. 4 engines struck a mound of 9 feet high, 188 feet from the runway and were torn off. The aircraft caught fire.Four Eritrean hijackers forced the crew to fly to Benghazi. A refueling stop was made in Khartoum. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Algeria, Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged during hostile activities of the communist 'Khmer Rouge' rebels.The HS-748, on a training flight, approached Kotoka to make full stop single engine landing. At 100-150 feet the captain tried to feather the no. 1 engine, but the aircraft suddenly rolled left and the speed dropped. The aircraft then crash-landed after striking some small trees.Crashed 15 km short of the runway at Surgut after losing control due to icing. It appeared that the engine bleed air valves were not open, rendering the anti-icing system ineffective.A Douglas C-47 operated by the Colombian Air Force was destroyed when it impacted the side of Cerro la Judia, a mountain near Floridablanca. All four crew members and three passengers were killed.Damaged beyond repair.The aircraft went missing and is presumed to have crashed in Lake Champlain, NY.Crashed in a blizzard in mountainous terrain. The airplane flew into the side of Suc de Pradou, a 1342 m high mountain and came to rest 200 m below the summit. Seven of France's top nuclear weapons experts were killed.Crashed in the Cuti Padre mountain range, which is part of the central Andes. The C-46 a.o. carried members of a civil guard anti-guerrilla force.A Comet aircraft, XP915, operated by the Blind Landing Experimental Unit (BLEU) of RAE Bedford, was about to make a training flight from Bedford-Thurleigh Airport. It was in the takeoff position on runway 27, on the centreline, about 500 feet in from the end of the runway, awaiting takeoff clearance. The right wingtip struck the frozen surface of the Silvaplana lake when beginning a holding pattern there to await better weather at the VFR-airport Samedan. The tailplane broke off and the Falcon crashed. Ceiling was at 300 feet and snow was falling.A male passenger, armed with a hand grenade, attempted to hijack the flight to Libya. He was overpowered by two security guards on board. The flight continued to Amman.The C-130 was on final approach to Little Rock AFB, AR (LRF) when it collided with a Cessna T-37 Tweet training jet.Crashed into sea on finals to Nice.The DC-4 went missing on a flight from Saigon to Savannakhet and Vientiane. Last radio contact was with Bangkok Regional Control Center, when the crew reported overhead the SH point at 13:20 at FL100 and estimating Vientiane at 14:22. Reportedly shot down.The F-27 took off from Bogotá at 12:25 for a flight to Valledupar. The aircraft went missing but the wreckage was found 3 days later.Crashed.Crashed.The takeoff was performed with a simulated engine failure (no. 2) and without water-methanol injection. The HS-748 stalled after lift-off and crashed with the gear retracted. Some sources report a date of February 9, 1972.The Twin Otter lost control and crashed shortly after takeoff. It appeared that the gust lock was still engaged.Involved in an accident on the Sana'a-Ta'izz highway.The An-2 operated on a cargo flight from Ozyornaya to Ust'-Bolsheretsk (Kamchatka) when the intoxicated captain deliberately deviated from the prescribed flight path. The aircraft entered clouds and impacted the snow-covered northern slope of Mount UkhoCrashed.The no. 2 engine was feathered after takeoff for a single-engine bad weather circuit training. While turning right at the end of the downwind leg, the right wingtip struck high tension wires and a tree. The aircraft then impacted a house and caught fire.Crashed into water.Crashed into water.The An-2 operated a positioning flight from Elushkino to Kondinskoye with an intoxicated pilot at the controls and an intoxicated passenger, the director of Kondinskoye Airport, in the seat of the second pilot. The aircraft dived into the ground in snow-covered swampy terrain south-east of Lake Khattavtur, 57 km west of Kondinskoye.Wheels up landing; pilot failed to lower the gear on approach.The C-47 crashed into a corn field one hour after departure. The accident killed all on board, including 11 members of the United States Army Parachute Team Golden Knights, a flight crew of two, and a crew chief.During a practice alert at Lockbourne AFB, two KC-135 Stratotankers (63-7989 and 63-7980) taxied from an unlit ramp towards the runway. Both aircraft collided while manoeuvring off the ramp. Stratotanker 63-7989 continued 200 yards before coming to a stop in a muddy, grassy section just off the concrete apron. Flames engulfed the tanker from the cockpit to the mid-section and burned two large holes in the plane.The An-2 was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing accident following failure of the engine.Crashed and caught fire.Crashed following uncontrolled descent from cruise altitude; destroyed by fire.Crashed following uncontrolled descent from cruise altitude; destroyed by fire.Crashed.Struck the water during the approach. The aircraft sank to a depth of 100 m. Apparently the aircraft stalled when was turning to the final of runway 06, followed by a spiral and a nose dive at very low altitude with no chance for recovery. Iberia Flight 504, a DC-9, departed Palma de Mallorca at 11:24 for a flight to London. At 12:19 the crew contacted Marina Control and reported at FL310, estimating at Nantes VOR at 12:52. At 12:36 the crew were told to contact Menhir Control and descend to FL290. At the same time a Spantax Convair CV-990, flight BX400 heading for London, was flying towards the Nantes VOR on the same altitude, but on a different airway. Because of this, the Convair crew were instructed arrive at the VOR at 13:00. Because the Convair was already quite close to the VOR the crew asked for confirmation of these instructions. At 12:40 the controller told them to 'Stand by' and replied two minutes later. Because the aircraft was at the ATC sector boundary the crew could barely hear the Marina controller who instructed them to contact Menhir control. The pilot erroneously thought he had to contact Menhir control when passing the Nantes VOR. In order to delay their arrival at the VOR the Spantax crew twice tried to request permission to carry out a 360-degree turn. When they did not get any answer from Marina, they initiated the turn without clearance. While in the midst of an overcast, the Convair collided with the DC-9. The CV-990 lost an outboard portion of its left wing and managed to carry out an emergency landing at Cognac-Châteaubernard Air Base (CNG). The DC-9 lost control and crashed.Iberia Flight 504, a DC-9, departed Palma de Mallorca at 11:24 for a flight to London. At 12:19 the crew contacted Marina Control and reported at FL310, estimating at Nantes VOR at 12:52. At 12:36 the crew were told to contact Menhir Control and descend to FL290. At the same time a Spantax Convair CV-990, flight BX400 heading for London, was flying towards the Nantes VOR on the same altitude, but on a different airway. Because of this, the Convair crew were instructed arrive at the VOR at 13:00. Because the Convair was already quite close to the VOR the crew asked for confirmation of these instructions. At 12:40 the controller told them to 'Stand by' and replied two minutes later. Because the aircraft was at the ATC sector boundary the crew could barely hear the Marina controller who instructed them to contact Menhir control. The pilot erroneously thought he had to contact Menhir control when passing the Nantes VOR. In order to delay their arrival at the VOR the Spantax crew twice tried to request permission to carry out a 360-degree turn. When they did not get any answer from Marina, they initiated the turn without clearance. While in the midst of an overcast, the Convair collided with the DC-9. The CV-990 lost an outboard portion of its left wing and managed to carry out an emergency landing at Cognac-Châteaubernard Air Base (CNG). The DC-9 lost control and crashed.After a missed approach, the crew were executing a second attempt at landing, when the aircraft began to loose height rapidly, went into a nosedive, crashed into the ground, disintegrated and caught fire. The exact cause of the accident could not be accurately determined, but it was thought that there was possibly icing on the stabiliser, a significant pitch manoeuvre and full landing flaps extended at the time of the accident.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The pilot did not notice the windsock on the airport of San Salvador and landed downwind. The airplane overran the runway and ended up in the water.Pilot could not land due to fog and elected to fly out to sea and have the crew bail out. 15 of the 16 crew survived.A de Havilland Canada DHC-5D Buffalo operated by the Peruvian Air Force went missing in the Junin Department. The wreckage was located on March 10, 1973. The airplane had impacted a mountainside.Takeoff from runway 20 was aborted because the aircraft was unable to get airborne. The Argosy overran by 630 m and ended up in a wooded area, catching fire. It appeared that the takeoff was attempted with the external gust-locks installed on the elevator.The An-2 fell back during a tail wind take-off.The An-2 impacted a mountainside as the crew were trying to cut short their route over mountainous terrain.Air America's Provider "ST-3" was struck by hostile fire, probably a SA-7 missile. A forced landing was carried out in a hostile area during which the aircraft was severely damaged and abandoned.The Avianca Boeing 727 was hijacked by three passengers, around 20:20 local time, ten minutes after takeoff from Pereira (PEI). The airplane was initially deviated to the city of Cali (CLO). The Boeing stayed on the tarmac overnight. The hijackers demanded 20 million Colombian Pesos, around 800.000 USD at that time.The pilot mistakenly landed on an airstrip only 500 m long used by agricultural aircraft. The Ilyushin overran into a ravine and broke in two. Visibility at the time was limited to 2000 m horizontal and 900 m vertical.The cargo aircraft struck trees and crashed inverted while on an ILS runway 28 approach, probably due to airframe icing. The captain was found to have blood alcohol concentration of 121-250 mg per 100 ml blood.The Yak-40 attempted a takeoff from a wet grass runway (length 1,080 metres) at Rostov. The airplane was not able to lift off and the pilot decided to abort the takeoff. However, the jet failed to stop on the remaining runway and overran by 185 metres. It collided with a hummock, broke up and came to rest in a ravine.The aircraft departed Pastaza at 19:13 and climbed to an altitude of FL115. The crew continued over the Banos canyon at FL115, the minimum safety altitude being FL125. The left wing of the aircraft struck the side of the Tungurahua Volcano, shrouded by a low layer of stratus clouds, and separated. The aircraft crashed out of control and was found the following day at 11200 feet.The Antonov struck an ice pinnacle during an emergency takeoff from Polar Station SP-22 when the ice floor cracked. The plane crashed and caught fire.Overran following a late touchdown. The nosegear collapsed.The crew left Galveston in a hurry because they were 10 minutes behind schedule. The passengers did not get a safety briefing and the captain left the trim stabilizer in the standby position. Control was lost on takeoff and the airplane crashed and caught fire. To make things worse, the fire truck attending the scene was not equipped with a foam extinguisher.Overran and nosed over after landing on a short strip.Damaged beyond repair.A Boeing 707-321B passenger plane, N446PA, named "Clipper Climax", was destroyed when it crashed into the side of a mountain near Denpasar, Indonesia.An Ilyushin 18 passenger plane was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from Leningrad-Pulkovo Airport (LED). All 102 passengers and seven crew members were killed.The DC-3 swung off the runway and collided with small wooden huts.The C-130E aircraft was based at Andersen AFB (UAM) on Guam and departed on a training mission to perform touch-and-go's at Guam-Agana NAS (NGM). Prior to one of the landings, the no. 3 or no. 4 engine had been shut down. The aircraft experienced a blow-out of tires on the right hand main landing gear on touchdown. It yawed right, skidded across a taxiway and parking ramp narrowly missing a parked line of A-3 fighters. It finally came to rest against an embankment where the remains of the aircraft completely burned out.Destroyed when Khmer Rouge forces attacked the Phnom Penh-Pochentong Airport.Fire broke out when the aircraft was on the ground, severely damaging the rear fuselage. Heat damage ranged from FS267 to FS1792.One hijacker demanded money. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The F-28 stalled on climbout, sank back on the runway and came to rest 200 m short of the runway end.C-5 Galaxy 68-0218 was the initial mission of Operation Babylift to bring Vietnamese orphans to the US in the few remaining days before the Republic of Vietnam fell. The C-5 departed Saigon-Tan Son Nhut Airport at 16:03. Twelve minutes after takeoff, after climbing through FL230, there was what seemed to be an explosion as the lower rear fuselage was torn apart. The locks of the rear loading ramp had failed, causing the door to open and separate. A rapid decompression occurred. Control and trim cables to the rudder and elevators were severed, leaving only one aileron and wing spoilers operating. Two of the four hydraulic systems were out. The crew wrestled at the controls, managing to keep control of the plane with changes in power settings by using the one working aileron and wing spoilers. The crew descended to an altitude of 4,000 feet on a heading of 310 degrees in preparation for landing on Tan Son Nhut's runway 25L. About halfway through a turn to final approach, the rate of descent increased rapidly to 4,000 feet per minute. Seeing they couldn't make the runway, full power was applied to bring the nose up. At 50 feet, the throttles where retarded to idle and the C-5 touched down in a rice paddy. Skidding about 1,000 feet, the aircraft again became airborne for a half mile before hitting a dike and breaking into four parts. The cargo compartment was completely destroyed, killing 141 of the 149 orphans and attendants. Only three of 152 in the troop compartment perished. Five of the flight crew, three of the medical team, and three others lost their lives, but 173 of the 328 aboard survived.Skidded off runway; destroyed by fire.Crashed at Culiacán, Mexico while on a smuggling flight.Crashed when a non-pilot attempted to takeoff.Collided with trees while on takeoff.Western Air Lines flight 470 to Casper and Minneapolis departed Denver at 07:03 in the morning. The airplane, on an IFR flightplan, climbed to its cruising altitude of FL220. At 07:36, following a descent to 12,000 feet, the flightcrew contacted Casper approach control and advised that the flight was about 12 miles south of the Evansville Intersection. At that time, the controller cleared the flight to use the localizer back course approach for runway 25, to circle to runway 3, or to land straight in. The weather reported to the crew indicated poor visibility with light snow falling and wind 040deg at 9 knots. One minute later, the approach controller advised that "runway 7/25 has beenThe right main landing gear collapsed after landing, causing the plane to swerve off the runway. Cause of the landing gear failure was the fact that the corroded lower lug of the oleo strut broke.Crashed.IFR flight plan was cancelled on approach to Deadhorse. A VFR approach was executed. The Curtiss touched down short of the runway. The right main gear separated and power was applied for a go-around. The no. 2 engine didn't respond; the prop was feathered and the crew decided to carry out a belly landing. The aircraft slid 460 m before coming to rest on the runway.Crashed following a midair collision with a Cessna L-19 Bird Dog.An inexperienced and unqualified (DC-3) pilot commenced takeoff with a 7 kt tailwind and with an unlocked tail wheel. The aircraft crashed.Wheels up landing.Allegheny Airlines Flight 121, a Douglas DC-9-31, suffered a landing accident on the Philadelphia International Airport, Pennsylvania. Of the 106 persons onboard, 86 persons were injured; there were no fatalities.The aircraft lost altitude while in a banking attitude during a crop spraying flight for sovkhoz (state farm) No. 592. The An-2 impacted a field.The Antonov strayed to the right off course while on approach to Nizhnevartovsk. The airplane flew into a mountainside, killing the crew.Crashed.The An-2 crashed after encountering below-minima weather conditions.The DC-10 was speeding down the runway when a tyre on the right hand main gear burst, followed by another tyre.The Tupolev was on an international flight from Luanda (LAD), Angola to Moscow-Sheremetyevo (SVO), Russia with enroute stops at Malabo (SSG), Equatorial Guinea and Tripoli (TIP), Libya. After takeoff from Malabo the aircraft collided with Mount San Carlos on Macías Nguema Biyogo (now Bioko) Island at a height of 750 m. The mountain is located on the southern tip of the island, some 50 km south of the Malabo Airport.At 21:09 GMT Air Manila flight 702 departed Wake Island for Manila, with an enroute stop at Agana Naval Air Station (NAS). The aircraft arrived at 02:11 GMT. After offloading the passengers maintenance was performed on the no. 2 propeller feathering mechanism. Shortly after the work was completed, the passengers boarded and the flightcrew started all four engines without difficulty. The flightcrew taxied the aircraft to the end of runway 06L, made a right turn onto the runway, and executed a rolling takeoff. The aircraft lifted off the 10,015-foot runway about 7500 feet down the runway. During or just after liftoff the No. 3 propeller was feathered. The aircraft climbed to 100 feet while yawing to the right. The crew retracted the landing gear and flaps before the aircraft reached the apex of the climb. It then rotated to a nose-high attitude, appeared to become laterally unstable, and struck the rising terrain in a tail-low attitude. Impact was about 4,300 feet beyond the end of the runway. The aft portion of the aircraft fuselage dragged along the ground for 220 feet in a right wing down attitude, after which the aircraft slid off the brow of a 13-foot embankment, crashed through the chain link perimeter fence at Agana NAS, crossed a highway, and burst into flames. The aircraft came to rest in an open area between residential areas, about 4,900 feet beyond the end of runway 06L. As the aircraft slid across the highway, it struck an automobile on the highway; the driver of the car was killed. A woman and her son, who were standing outside their residence just south of the impact site, were seriously burned by the heat of the burning fuel and were seriously injured by flying debris.Crashed.Damaged by fire after explosion.Six Muslim rebels hijacked the Philippine BAC 1-11 aircraft May 21 and forced it to land at Zamboanga. They demanded USD 375,000 and a plane to fly them to Libya. When security forces tried to storm the plane a gun battle broke out, during which some grenades were set off by the hijackers. Ten passengers and three hijackers were killed. The remaining 3 hijackers were caught and sentenced to death.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair.An engine fire forced the crew to carry out an emergency landing during which the undercarriage collapsed.The aircraft was flying 65nm E of Belize, en route from Honduras, when the no. 1 propeller ran away. The RPM couldn't be controlled and the prop couldn't be feathered. The pilot-in-command decided to divert to Belize. At 25nm E of Belize the no. 1 prop flew off its shaft, striking the no. 2 engine. The no. 2 prop was feathered immediately. Because of problems lowering the left gear a go-around was flown. Attempts to recycle the gear into the locked position failed and a landing was carried out with the left gear partially retracted. The left wing struck the runway and the aircraft ran off the runway coming to rest 7,60 m from the runway edge.The Li-2 suffered engine trouble en route from Moscow to Tyumen. It descended below its intended altitude and struck telephone lines. The airplane lost control and crashed into bank of the Kama River, killing all aboard.The aircraft stalled and crashed on approach. On board were Tun Fuad Stephens, the first Chief Minister of the state of Sabah in Malaysia along with several cabinet members.The Antonov crashed following an excessively banked turn while spraying crops. Investigation revealed that the pilot was drunk.The Antonov crashed following an excessively banked turn while spraying crops. Investigation revealed that the pilot was drunk.Aeroflot flight SU1802 departed Vinnitsa Airport (VIN) at 10:07 on a flight to Moscow-Bykovo (BKA). The An-24 climbed to the cruising altitude of 5700 m.Damaged beyond repair. One source (Turbo Prop Airliner Production List) reports a date of March 2,1975.The Boeing was operated on a military logistic flight from Tehran to McGuire AFB via Madrid. The flight took off from Tehran at 08:20 GMT and climbed to a cruising altitude of FL330. After establishing contact with Madrid control, clearance was received to CPL VOR via Castejon. At 14:25 the flight was cleared to FL100. At 14:30 the crew advised Madrid that they were diverting to the left because of thunderstorm activity, and at 14:32 Madrid cleared ULF48 to 5000 feet and directed him to contact Madrid approach control. At 14:33 the crew contacted approach control and advised them that there was too much weather activity ahead and requested to be vectored around it. Last radio contact was when ULF48 acknowledged the 260deg heading instructions and informed Madrid that they were descending to 5000 feet. The aircraft was later found to have crashed in farmland at 3000 feet msl following left wing separation.Crashed.Crashed. The no. 2 engine failed on takeoff, causing the aircraft to descend. The aircraft collided with terrain 1000 m from the runway end.Undershot runway on landing.The DC-3 departed Taitung at 19:54 for the last leg of a Kaohsiung-Taitung-Hualien vv. roundtrip. The aircraft didn't arrive at Kaohsiung and it appeared that the aircraft had struck the Mount Paku mountainside at 6420 feet. The wreckage was found at 18:55 the day after.The DC-3 departed Taitung at 19:54 for the last leg of a Kaohsiung-Taitung-Hualien vv. roundtrip. The aircraft didn't arrive at Kaohsiung and it appeared that the aircraft had struck the Mount Paku mountainside at 6420 feet. The wreckage was found at 18:55 the day after.Crashed and burned some 200 yards short of the runway.Six passengers hijacked the Caravalle plane and demanded to be flown to Cuba. The flight crew continued to Lima and Panama City before the final leg to Havana were they landed at 15:00 two days later.A Comet aircraft, XP915, operated by the Blind Landing Experimental Unit (BLEU) of RAE Bedford, was about to make a training flight from Bedford-Thurleigh Airport. It was in the takeoff position on runway 27, on the centreline, about 500 feet in from the end of the runway, awaiting takeoff clearance. An Ilyushin 18D passenger plane was destroyed when it crashed near Zürich-Kloten Airport (ZRH), Switzerland. Seven crew members and 38 passengers were killed. One passenger and the captain survived the crash.Crashed in fog.Crashed during an emergency landing.The Beech 99A descended into the ground while on final approach to Killeen. Weather was below minima; visibility 3/4 mile or less, fog, 200 feet ceiling.Damaged beyond repair.Boeing 707 N7595A and Cessna 150 N60942 were both involved in a mid-air collision at 910 m. The Cessna, flying VFR, crashed. The Boeing (on IFR, approach to Newark runway 04L) landed safely at Newark.The DC-3 crashed 200 feet short of runway 04, while on an ILS approach. The weather at the time of the accident was: 200 feet & 400 feet broken, 600 feet overcast; visibility 1,5 miles in light rain and fog; wind 060/13; RVR 1,9-3 miles. The pilot failed to recognize a windshear condition.7 hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair in belly landing.Since its first flight on July 14, 1971, the VFW/Fokker VFW.614 prototype was engaged in several test flights. Changes were made following elevator flutter problems during test flights. For the flight on February 1, 1972 the airplane had been fitted with flutter dampers.Damaged beyond repair. Date also reported as 22.02.1972After a flight of approximately 4 hrs departing from Singapore, the aircraft was observed flying at a low altitude approximately at Tegal (mid Java, Indonesia) for a forced landing. The aircraft crashed due to fuel starvation. According to the crew, compass error and lost position was encountered.Destroyed in hangar fire.The An-2 biplane was heading to a field for a crop spraying demonstration. After reducing power to the cruise setting, a loss of power occurred. The aircraft sustained substantial damage in the forced landing that followed.Damaged beyond repair by fire.One hijacker demanded money and the release of prisoners. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The Viscount developed a high sink rate while on final approach to runway 08. The captain applied full power, but the aircraft continued to descent. He cut the power, but the main gear collapsed when striking the ground just short of the runway. The Viscount bounced and slid 1100 feet.Shortly after selecting spoilers and reverse thrust (after touching down on runway 08) the aircraft became airborne again, landed back heavily and bounced two more times. The fuselage was creased fore and aft of the wings, one nose wheel tire had burst and one wheel had separated.Crashed into sea while attempting to land on carrier USS Independence. The aircraft sank six minutes after impact with the two pilots trapped in the cockpit.Damaged in accident.Crashed. The date has also reported having been Jan.26, 1971.One hijacker demanded money. He was shot and killed when trying to get away in car.A McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32, operating Jugoslovenski Aerotransport flight JU367, crashed following an in-flight explosion and break-up. All 23 passengers and four of the five crew members were killed. One air hostess survived a 15,000 ft fall in the tail section.The aircraft was substantially damaged after striking trees 154 m short of runway 24.An Antonov 24B transport plane of the Polish Air Force crashed while on approach to Szczecin-Goleniow Airport (SZZ), Poland. All 18 on board were killed. Amongst the casualties were Polish Minister of the Interior Wieslaw Ociepka and the interior minister of Czechoslovakia, Radko Kaska. They were part of a Polish-Czechoslovak delegation that was going to visit the Szczecin sea port.Fell back on the runway during takeoff.Crashed.Crashed into buildings when both engines lost power due to birdstrike on takeoff from Dekalb-Peachtree Airport runway 20L.After a starboard turn to 60 degrees the Il-18 entered a left bank with at 3-4 deg/s. After reaching of a bank of 90 degrees, the airplane entered a spin. The indicated speed was 840 km/h. At a height of 2200 m the airplane broke up.The Buffalo transport plane crashed on landing, killing three occupants.The DC-3 crashed into a hillside after the in-flight separation of the right wing.Some time after leaving Barranquilla, the no. 1 engine malfunctioned, so the crew had to divert to Barrancabermeja with a feathered prop. While turning to finals, the aircraft crashed and caught fire about 3 km short of runway 03.The DC-3 struck the Cerro Horqueta mountain.Libyan Arab Airlines Flight 114, a Boeing 727-200, was destroyed when it crashed after having been shot by Israeli fighter aircraft. Five of the 113 occupants survived the crash.The Learjet 24 landed long at Detroit-Willow Run Airport, MI (YIP). It overran the runway, hit localizer antennae and the ILS building. The pilot was attempting to execute a go around but had failed to stow the spoilers.While on an ILS approach to runway 25, the aircraft suddenly descended below the glide slope and struck the ground nose wheel-first, 467 m short of the runway.Engine power was lost after takeoff. The pilot tried to return, but crash-landed short of the airport. The DC-3 was returning from major overhaul in Toronto.Damaged beyond repair on heavy landing at Amderma.Shot down by a missile while on a flight to Savannakhet with 12,000 pounds of general cargo. Both pilots were missing, one kicker was killed when he jumped without a parachute; the other kicker parachuted from the aircraft and survived.Deviated from the approach pattern to the right and crashed into the slope of a mountain on the shore of Lake Istikhed.Damaged beyond repair by truck.BAC One-Eleven G-AXMJ was operating Court Line flight OU95 from Luton to Munich. It was cleared by Ground Movement Control (GMC) to taxy from the main apron to the holding point Delta for takeoff on runway 08. On arriving at Delta, the aircraft was held as GMC was still awaiting airways clearance for the flight. When this was received about two minutes later, GMC then cleared the aircraft to enter the runway and backtrack and at the same time passed the airways clearance. This was correctly read back by the aircraft and it was then instructed to contact the Tower. At 15:25:25 the Tower cleared the aircraft to line up and hold and approximately two minutes later, gave it clearance to takeoff. This was acknowledged by the aircraft at 15:27:31 with the words - "We're rolling, thank you".The An-2 was caught in a downdraft over mountainous terrain. Height was lost and the aircraft impacted terrain.Crashed after no. 2 engine fire.Damaged on landing at Ust'-Kuiga when the flight engineer inadvertently retracted the landing gear at the end of the landing run.Overran runway on landing; hit snow berm and a snow machine.The aircraft was on a scheduled passenger flight from Tokyo to Hong Kong . Following an Instrument Guidance System Visual approach to Hong Kong the aircraft made a firm landing on a wet runway with tail and cross wind components and despite the application of rudder, full braking and reverse-thrust, slid-off the runway coming to rest on the grass shoulder. None of the crew or passengers was injured although the aircraft sustained extensive damage when the right main gear collapsed.The Beech 99 was taxiing for takeoff when a fire erupted near the power distribution panel. The aircraft was destroyed by fire.A young gunman who brought two hostages with him attempted to hijack an empty Boeing 727. The hijacker was disarmed by an engineer and fled. He was later captured.Undershot the runway whilst making an instrument approach to land. Presumed to have been written off.The DC-8 was undergoing a maintenance A-check at the Travis Air Force Base. Suddenly fuel fumes in the no. 1 inboard main fuel tank area exploded.On the ground an explosion occurred in the forward landing gear compartment, causing substantial damage.A Lisunov Li-2 passenger plane, CCCP-73960, was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from Kirov Airport (KVX), Russia. All three crew members were killed; the six passengers survived.Two hijackers demanded to be taken to Libya. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The Caravelle was backtracking runway 29L when the crew were asked to expedite taxiing and clear the runway on the run-up area because of traffic on finals. While initiating a left turn at the end of the runway the right main gear collapsed. The right wing fuel tank ruptured and the escaping fuel ignited while the Caravelle slid for 90 m before coming to rest.The aircraft was chartered by Wolper Productions Inc. to fly a movie production crew from Bishop (BIH) to Burbank (BUR). The cast and crew of the television series 'Primal Man' was returning from shooting a prehistoric hunting sequence in the snow-covered Sierra. Amongst the crew were director-writer Dennis Azzarella and actor Janos Prohaska.Crashed. The aircraft carried 15 journalists traveling along with the Algerian Foreign Secretary in his Asian-tour across Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Thailand.One hijacker demanded money. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The C-141 was returning to McChord AFB from Clark AFB, Philippines with intermediate stops at Kadena and Yokota. At 90 miles from McChord, the crew were given a descent clearance from FL370 to 15,000 feet. After switching frequencies to Seattle Center and reporting level at 15,000 feet, they were cleared further down to 10,000 feet. The controller misunderstood this to be from a Navy Grumman A-6 Intruder and instructed to "...maintain five thousand". The flight responded "Five thousand. MAC 40641 is out of ten". Still about 60 miles from McChord, they started a descent below the sector altitude. The C-141 Starlifter struck a ridge of Mt. Constance in Olympic National Park 150 feet from the top of the 7743 ft peak.The DC-4 took off from Francistown runway 11 at 02:32. The engine temperatures started to rise, even after opening the gills. When temperatures exceeded the limit, the engines started backfiring. A left hand circuit was made to return to the airport, but the aircraft kept descending and crash-landed 3600 m short of the runway. The aircraft struck some trees and burst into flames.Crashed in a game park while on an airfield inspection flight.Crashed on landing.Struck a mountain (Cerro López) while descending for an ILS approach.Crashed.Destroyed by rebel gunfire during landing.Landed long on a slick runway and overran, colliding with trees.An aircraft was reported missing on this date while on a flight from Hong Kong to Vientiane. MacAlan Thompson reported that a Stratoliner was forced to carry out a controlled crash-landing in a river. Captain Jimmy Lieu and the copilot were held prisoner by the communist Pathet Lao for several months then released about May 1975.Damaged beyond repair in rocket attack.Damaged beyond repair in rocket attack. The pilot was injured.Gear collapse while parked.Crashed following a loss of engine power on one of the engines during takeoff.Written off.During a training flight, a no. 2 engine failure was simulated. The student pilot feather the propeller and continued the approach for a full stop landing. On finals the gear was raised and engine power increased. The aircraft rolled to the right and impacted the runway with its right wingtip and right hand main gear leg. The Caribou skidded off the runway for some 220 m, crashed across a drainage ditch and through a barbed wire fence.During a training flight, a no. 2 engine failure was simulated. The student pilot feather the propeller and continued the approach for a full stop landing. On finals the gear was raised and engine power increased. The aircraft rolled to the right and impacted the runway with its right wingtip and right hand main gear leg. The Caribou skidded off the runway for some 220 m, crashed across a drainage ditch and through a barbed wire fence.Forced landed on water following loss of power on the engine.American Airlines Flight 625 was a scheduled flight from Providence Airport (PVD) to St.Thomas (STT) on the U.S Virgin Islands with an intermediate stop in New York (JFK). The Boeing 727 departed New York at 12:00 AST. On approach to St. Thomas, at 15:04, the flight crew cancelled their IFR flight plan and proceeded VFR. The captain elected to use the runway 09 ILS for vertical guidance. The glide slope was intercepted at 1500 feet msl (flaps 15deg and at a 160 KIAS airspeed). The flaps were lowered to 25 and later to 30 degrees. The company prescribed 40 degrees was never selected. The speed was still 10 KIAS above Vref when the aircraft passed the threshold at an estimated altitude of 30-40 feet. At 1000 feet down the runway, while initiating the flare, turbulence caused the right wing to drop. The wings were leveled and the aircraft floated a while until touchdown 2200-2300 feet down the runway. The captain decided that the aircraft couldn't be stopped on the remaining runway. He immediately initiated a go-around. Because of the absence of any sensation either of power being applied or of aircraft acceleration, the throttles were closed again. The aircraft, in a 11 degree nose up attitude, ran off the runway and struck a localizer antenna. The right wingtip clipped a hillside just south of the antenna and the aircraft continued, hit an embankment, became airborne and contacted the ground on the opposite side of the perimeter road. The aircraft continued and came to rest 83 feet past the perimeter road, bursting into flames.The DC-4 took off from Vientiane-Wattay at 08:25 for an IFR flight to Saigon. Last radio contact was at 10:32 when the crew reported over PE5 (a reporting point on the G67 airway) flying at FL110. It appeared the aircraft had crashed 25 km SW of Pleiku. The wreckage could not be examined due to hostile conditions in the area.The Argosy was on an asymmetric approach when a wing suddenly dropped. The airplane crashed and hit a building.The flight crew of the HAL-748 abandoned the takeoff due to a reported jamming of the elevator. The aircraft overshot the runway and came to a stop on soft ground after cutting through the perimeter fencing.Destroyed by fire.The aircraft crashed while approaching Barranquilla runway 04. The pilot had asked the controller to increase the intensity of the runway lights. The Boeing 720 carried a cargo of 19 tonnes of flowers.The Antonov stalled and crashed on takeoff from an airstrip of the Oktyabr' collective farm. Lift-off was attempted at too low a speed.The Avro 748 aircraft, named "Ciudad de Corrientes", was making a staff-transfer flight for the Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales (YPF) State Enterprise. It began in Cutral-Có at 14:00 and the aircraft landed 40 minutes later on a Company landing strip in Rincón de Los Sauces. The aircraft took off at 15:55 for Cutral-Có again with 31 passengers and 3 crew.The aircraft flew into a mountain at an elevation of 800 metres asl in adverse weather. The crew did not survive the accident.Flight 60 was making a runway 11 ILS approach under conditions of low ceilings and low visibility. Descending through 4000 feet visual contact with the ground and water was acquired. The captain decided to proceed visually. The aircraft touched down fast (at 145kts) with a 3 knots tailwind component.An Avianca Boeing 727-59 passenger plane was hijacked during a domestic flight from Pereira Airport (PEI) to Bogotá-Eldorado Airport (BOG), Colombia.The nosegear came up and settled back twice during takeoff. The takeoff on runway 13R was aborted but the aircraft overran at a speed pf 60-80 knots. It crossed a perimeter road, struck a concrete slab, went through a fence and an ILS antenna array.Damaged beyond repair in storm.The Viscount crashed during a rainstorm shortly after leaving Bogotá for San Andres.The aircraft was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing following a loss of engine power due to fuel starvation.Three men hijacked the aircraft and demanded USD 300,000 and release of numerous political prisoners. At Manila, the hijackers exchanged all the passengers for another set of hostages and USD 300,000 in cash. During the next six days, the hijackers flew to Kota Kinbalu and Kuala Lampur, Malaysia; and Bangkok, Thailand. At Bangkok the airline supplied a longer range DC-8 passenger jet. The hijackers along with twelve PAL staff members continued to Karachi, Pakistan; and Benghazi, Libya. At Benghazi the hijackers released the remaining hostages and asked for political asylum.A DC-3 operated by the Colombian military airline SATENA went missing over mountainous terrain near Betania, Antioquia. The wreckage was located in the morning of January 25. The airplane had impacted the side of a mountain called Cerro de San Nicolás at an elevation of 12,500 feet (3800 m)Stalled on takeoff; runway was too short (2500 feet) for an L-18 departure.Damaged beyond repair in storm.A 23 year old male passenger hijacked Hughes Airwest flight 800 shortly before it was to take off from Las Vegas-McCarran International Airport, NV (LAS). He demanded $50,000, two parachutes and a crash helmet. In exchange, he freed two cabin crew members and all 51 passengers.Struck the ground and a power pole 1,7nm short of runway 12L during a non precision approach.Crashed into a lake on approach to Puerto Asis.Navy Hercules 151890 had flown for over three months with a maintenance discrepancy on the number one fuel tank quantity indicator. Before the mishap flight, another attempt was made to repair the solder connections in the cannon plug. Maintenance personnel were unable to satisfactorily complete the repair in the time available before that days flight. They hurriedly reassembled the cannon plug and verbally warned the oncoming flight engineer to leave the number one fuel tank quantity indicator system circuit breaker out to prevent the indicator motor from running and ruining the internal clutch. The aircraft then flew four flights prior to the accident. The verbal warning was passed between flight engineers, except on the fourth flight. While conducting preflight procedures the fourth flight engineer noticed the circuit breaker to be out and reset it. The circuit breaker popped within seconds and was then left out for the flight back to home field. The circuit breaker was reset by an unknown person between the time the aircraft landed and the preflight the next day by the mishap crew. Shortly after takeoff from Patuxent River-NAS, MD (NHK), while climbing through 7500 feet, an explosion occurred in the outboard part of the left wing. A fire erupted. The no. 1 engine was shut down and the extinguisher bottles fired. The crew was unable to control the fire. Control difficulties forced the pilot to carry out a forced landing. An emergency descent was flown at a speed of 270 kts IAS and a forced landing was made in a corn field. After the aircraft came to rest, the fire burned for 36 minutes. The fire continued burning aft and inboard before it was extinguished by a local volunteer fire department.Destroyed by fire on ground while filling liquid oxygen.The DC-9 diverted to Adana after pressurization problems. The aircraft hit the ground downwind on the second approach and caught fire.One hijacker demanded money. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Ran off the end of the runway during a training flight.Three hijackers demanded to be taken to Africa, Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. A Sud Aviation SE-210 Caravelle VIR passenger jet was destroyed when it struck a mountainside of the Sierra de Atalayasa, near Ibiza Airport (IBZ), Spain. All 104 on board were killed.The Convair returned to Jeddah with a no. 2 engine failure. On final approach to runway 33L, the flaps got stuck at 17 degrees. On rollout, with the no. 1 engine in reverse, the aircraft ran off the left side of the runway. The nosegear struck an asphalt mound and collapsed.The aircraft crashed on a flight from Chetumal to Mexico City via Mérida and Villahermosa. It departed from Chetumal at 15:21 with an estimated time of arrival at Mérida of 16:15.The EC-47Q operated on a radio direction finding mission to locate North Vietnamese tanks on the Ho Chi Minh Trail. The airplane crashed after being hit by ground fire. The wreckage was located February 7, 1973.Crashed in fog, killing all aboard, presumably two pilots.Kar-Air flight KR482 took off from Oulu Airport, Finland on a scheduled domestic service to Kuusamo. The aircraft climbed to FL70 and initially flew above the cloud layer.Damaged beyond repair.The DC-9, named "Reidar Viking", was operating on flight 370, departing Oslo for a flight to Alta with an intermediate stop at Tromsø. At 23:18 the crew was cleared for takeoff from runway 24. The takeoff run was normal and the DC-9 rotated at VR (125kts). At that moment the stall warning system activated. Although the speed had increased to 140 knots, the pilot decided to abort the takeoff. The remaining 1100 m however was not enough to bring the aircraft to a halt. The reversers did not deploy completely and the aircraft overran the runway and onto the ice covered Oslofjord. The DC-9 came to rest 20 m from the bank of the fjord. All occupants evacuated before the plane broke through the ice and sank 20 minutes later. It appeared that this particular aircraft had suffered from false stall warnings a couple of times in the past few days. Investigation revealed that ice had accumulated in the pitot tubes.Damaged beyond repair on landing.The Il-18 crashed into the Kyrenia Mountain range near the village of Karavas, at an altitude of 783 m (117 m below the crest) while on downwind on a nighttime approach to Nicosia runway 14.The plane was making a GCA approach to the South Pole Station ice landing strip. Ice fog was present causing the pilot to initiate a go-around on finals. The plane was too low and slammed down. The tail hit the ground, wingtips and props hit the snow and came off. The impact cracked open the fuselage at the paratroop doors, and the 500 gallon MOGAS bladder that was strapped to the ramp came loose, fell out, and was ignited by flames streaming from the broken wing tanks.The Curtiss swerved off the snow-covered runway, nosed down and fell back heavily.The Curtiss swerved off the snow-covered runway, nosed down and fell back heavily.The Boeing 707 had been chartered by Nigeria Airways to fly pilgrims back from Jeddah to Lagos. Bad weather at Lagos forced the crew to divert to Kano. The aircraft touched nosewheel first steady and heavy with main wheels barely in contact with the runway. The nosewheel entrenched itself then collapsed. The main gear contacted later in rapid deceleration, pierced the main wings and the aircraft collapsed along the runway centreline. A fire broke out and after a prolonged pause the passengers and crew evacuated.About 15 minutes before the planned landing at Perm at an altitude of 5400 meters, the aircraft suddenly banked heavily to the right and then to the left. The An-24 spiralled down reaching a speed of almost 1000 km/h. At an altitude of 2700 m the aircraft gained some lift again and went into an upward looping. On top of it the airframe broke apart due to the high g loads. Afterwards, it fell down with a horizontal speed of 20 to 30 km/h and a vertical speed of 250 to 270 km/h. Of the 39 people aboard, about four people survived the crash as the fuselage fell on a thick layer of snow. Because of the bitter cold (- 41° C) the survivors died before rescue parties arrived. About 15 minutes before the planned landing at Perm at an altitude of 5400 meters, the aircraft suddenly banked heavily to the right and then to the left. The An-24 spiralled down reaching a speed of almost 1000 km/h. At an altitude of 2700 m the aircraft gained some lift again and went into an upward looping. On top of it the airframe broke apart due to the high g loads. Afterwards, it fell down with a horizontal speed of 20 to 30 km/h and a vertical speed of 250 to 270 km/h. Of the 39 people aboard, about four people survived the crash as the fuselage fell on a thick layer of snow. Because of the bitter cold (- 41° C) the survivors died before rescue parties arrived. Viscount G-AOHI departed Glasgow at 14:22 GMT on a test flight which was to last about 15 minutes. The crew intended to carry out the flight in visual conditions. Weather conditions however, were marginal: rain and snow with 6 km visibility, 8/8 clouds at 4000 feet and strong winds (50-60 knots) at 2000 feet.The left wing struck runway 15 on landing. The aircraft bounced twice and crashed in flames next to the runway.Impacted a mountain near Guiyang, China.One hijacker demanded money and to be taken to North Vietnam. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One passenger remained on board after landing and demanded to be taken to Canada. He was talked into surrendering by a Roman Catholic cardinal and an FBI agent.A downdraft caused the DC-4 to land 100 m short of runway 29.The G-73 Mallard took off overloaded and downwind from Prince Rupert, BC, Canada. It struck a hill near Masset, Queen Charlotte Islands.Destroyed by fire.A Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker tanker plane sustain minor damage in an explosive decompression en route over Canada. The aircraft was carrying 25 passengers and eight crew men, all military personnel. One crew member sustained fatal injuries.The pilot lost control of the airplane immediately after takeoff. Confusion between the instructor pilot and student pilot during a perceived no. 1 engine failure caused overcontrol of the airplane.A high-stop (cruise pitch) hang-up of both propellers at low airspeed (while the aircraft was entering a stall maneuvered) caused excessive temperatures in the turbine sections of both engines. When the training crew tried to recover from the simulated landing stall, the engines didn't respond. The aircraft crash-landed in the desert. Excessive wear of the propeller hub contact switches was due to maintenance instruction deficiencies. Contributing was the crew non-adherence to prescribed procedures.The aircraft struck powerlines and crashed during low level flight. The aircraft carried 3244lb of marijuana.The pilot had to carry out a forced landing due to an uncontrollable fire in the number 2 engine, 20 minutes after takeoff. A safe landing was made, but the aircraft burned out.On Sunday March 3, 1974 flight TK981 departed Istanbul for a flight to Paris and London. The DC-10 landed at Paris-Orly at 11:02 and taxied to stand A2. There were 167 passengers on board, of whom 50 disembarked. The aircraft was refueled and baggage was loaded onto the plane. The planned turnaround time of one hour was delayed by 30 minutes. An additional 216 passengers embarked. Most of the passengers were booked on this flight because of a strike at British Airways. The door of the aft cargo compartment on the left-hand side was closed at about 11:35. When all preparations were complete the flight received permission to taxi to runway 08 at 12:24. Four minutes later the crew were cleared to line up for departure and were cleared for departure route 181 and an initial climb to flight level 40. The aircraft took off at approximately 12:30 and was cleared by Orly Departure to climb to FL60, which was reached at 12:34. The North Area Control Centre then cleared TK981 further to FL230. Three or four seconds before 12:40:00 hours, the noise of decompression was heard and the co-pilot said: "the fuselage has burst" and the pressurization aural warning sounded. This was caused by the opening and separation of the aft left-hand cargo door. The pressure difference in the cargo bay and passenger cabin, the floor above the cargo door partly collapsed. Two occupied tripe seat units were ejected from the aircraft. All the horizontal stabilizer and elevator control cables routed beneath the floor of the DC-10 and were thus also severely disrupted. Also the no. 2 engine power was lost almost completely. The aircraft turned 9 deg to the left and pitched nose down. The nose-down attitude increased rapidly to -20 deg. Although the no. 1 and 3 engines were throttled back the speed increased to 360 kts. The pitch attitude then progressively increased to -4 degrees and the speed became steady at 430 kts (800 km/h). At a left bank of 17 degrees the DC-10 crashed into the forest of Ermenonville, 37 km NE of Paris.VC-10 G-ASGO was on the last leg of a Mumbai (Bombay)-Bahrain-Beirut-London flight when it was hijacked over Rhodos by 2 men. The aircraft diverted to Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport. All 10 crew and 100 passengers were released and the hijackers threw inflammable liquids around the cabin and set the plane on fire. Both men were captured running from the plane.The aircraft was operating a charter flight from Dublin to Luton, loaded with newspapers and equipment necessary for the conveyance of horses back to Dublin. The passengers were six grooms who were intended to accompany the horses on the return flight.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed into mountain.The Sabreliner corporate jet had departed from Stuttgart, Germany on a flight to Toronto, Canada. Intermediate stops were planned at Shannon Airport (SNN), Ireland, Keflavik (KEF) and Frobisher Bay Airport, NU (YFB). Last contact with the flight was when the pilot radioed that he was 30 miles southeast of Frobisher Bay with about 15 minutes of fuel in the tanks. The airplane was later found to have impacted a rocky hillside some 66 miles from Frobisher Bay.The TC-47B departed Cali at 12:00 and had just passed the Marmato beacon when a no. 2 engine failure caused the cowling to detach partly, brushing against the propeller. Attempts to feather the prop, accompanied by heavy vibrations, failed at first. When a fire started in the engine, it was successfully shut down and the prop feathered.An electrical storm with severe turbulence probably caused the failure of ropes securing the cargo. The center of gravity (CG) shifted causing a loss of control.A gunman shot and killed an airport security guard at Baltimore/Washington International Airport, MD (BWI). He entered Delta Air Lines flight DL523 which was ready for departure. He shot and killed the copilot and shot and wounded the captain. The passengers meanwhile fled the airplane.A Convair CV-440 passenger plane operated by Costa Rican airline APSA was damaged in an accident near Managua, Nicaragua. All 48 on board were unhurt.The USAF North American T-39A Sabreliner jet (60-3506) departed Peterson Field (COS), bound for McClellan AFB (MCC). At the same time a Boeing NKC-135A (Airborne Laser Lab) was en route from Seattle to Albuquerque-Kirtland AFB, NM with 18 crew on board. It reportedly carried scientific equipment to make observations of the Comet Kohoutek. The USAF Sabreliner jet departed Peterson Field (COS), bound for McClellan AFB (MCC). At the same time a Boeing NKC-135A (55-3120) (Airborne Laser Lab) was en route from Seattle to Albuquerque-Kirtland AFB, NM with 18 crew on board. It reportedly carried scientific equipment to make observations of the Comet Kohoutek. The DC-6 returned to San Juan when the no. 4 engine had caught fire on climbout.The An-2 crashed near Makhachkala in below-minima weather conditions.The aircraft aquaplaned on landing rollout and was steered off the runway at a speed of 60 knots when an overrun was imminent.On January 30, 1974, Pan Am Flight 806, Boeing 707-321B "Clipper Radiant", operated as a scheduled flight from Auckland, New Zealand, to Los Angeles, California. En route stops included Pago Pago, American Samoa, and Honolulu, Hawaii. Flight 806 departed Auckland at 20:14. It was cleared to Pago Pago on an IFR flight plan.Destroyed in hangar fire.Destroyed in hangar fire.The Fokker aircraft became airborne after a ground run on runway 35 of approx. 3200 feet. At a height of 8-10 m the aircraft suddenly yawed left and pitched nose-down. The aircraft contacted the ground again and struck a drainage ditch, skidded, disintegrated and caught fire.A hijacker ordered the crew to divert to Dong Hoi, North Vietnam. The pilot told him an intermediate stop at Dong Ha, North Vietnam was necessary. The flight actually landed at Hue, South Vietnam. The hijacker detonated explosives when realizing he was tricked. A hole measuring 2 by 3 meters was blown in the port side of the fuselage and three starboard windows were broken.Damaged beyond repair after being hit by a service truck at Stockholm-Arlanda Airport (ARN), Sweden.Following maintenance, the Antonov 24 was to be flown from Rostov. The aircraft crashed after takeoff, coming down 1750 m beyond the end of the runway. Cause of the crash was failure of the artificial horizon.The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight for the sovkhoz (state farm) im. Kirova in the Yegorlykskaya District of the Rostov Region in below-minima weather conditions with thick fog. The pilot descended in order to find the airstrip but the aircraft impacted a snow-covered field some 1,000 metres from the airstrip, caught fire and burnt out.A Vickers Viscount passenger plane, operated by Aeropesca Colombia, was hijacked after takeoff from Pasto, Colombia.The President of Togo, Gnassingbé Eyadéma (1935-2005), was the sole survivor when his Togolese Air Force C-47 (5V-MAG) crashed during approach near the village of Sarakawa, northern Togo. Several high-ranking military personnel died in the crash.Crashed.The horizontal stabilizer had been inspected prior to departure, but it was left in the full nose down position. On takeoff from runway 17 the Falcon did not rotate. Takeoff was aborted but it overran the wet runway into Mountain Creek Lake.One hijacker demanded to be taken to New Haven. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Three hijackers. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed.Written off.VASP flight 640 took off from runway 34 at São Paulo-Congonhas Airport, Brazil. Shortly after takeoff the no. 2 hand engine lost power. The pilot began a left hand turn in order to return to Congonhas. The aircraft lost altitude and impacted a residential area.Two hijackers . Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair in rocket attack.The aircraft struck a 15 m high pine with its right wingtip shortly after taking off from Medellin. Control was lost and the aircraft crashed into a mountain, Cerro Piedras Blancas, 1200 m further on.Ground looped on landing due to brake failure.Because an overrun seemed imminent, the aircraft was steered off the right side of the runway. The Yak-40 collided with trees.Indian Airlines flight IC524 on departed Bombay Airport at 08:35 hours for Bangalore, India. The flight was uneventful until the approach to Bangalore. The aircraft made the initial contact with Bangalore approach control at 09:27 hours when its distance on the radar was 100 NM. The aircraft received descent clearances and the latest weather report from the Air Traffic Control. The runway in use was 09R, which was under repair. The first 3050 ft of the runway was unserviceable and the threshold had been temporarily displaced. A NOTAM to this effect was current.Damaged beyond repair by fire. The msn has also been quoted as 12435.Three engines had lost power shortly after takeoff from runway 10. The aircraft crashed just 2 km short of runway 19 in an attempt to return to the airport.The Ilyushin undershot the runway at Krasnoyarsk by 250 m while attempting to land in bad weather. The nose and left hand main undercarriage legs collapsed.One hijacker demanded money. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Hit tree and crashed while on approach in rain and fog.The Transall carried 37 West German soldiers to the NATO's missile base on Crete. It crashed in in stormy weather in snow-covered mountains at an altitude of about 5000 feet.Departure from Lake Tahoe had to be delayed by 1 hour because of de-icing procedures and snow removal at the airport. Takeoff clearance was received at 17:55. At 1610 m into the takeoff run the left gear struck a snow-drift. The aircraft swerved off the left side of the runway and came to rest 66 m left of the runway. The nosegear and right wing were torn off. Weather at the time of the accident was bad: ceiling 30 m indefinite, sky obscured, visibility 200 m with heavy snow and a temperature of -0,6 deg. C.Both engines lost power en route. The pilot attempted a forced landing beside a highway in the desert. The Catalina collided with a dirt bank and crashed.Damaged beyond repair.Two minutes after taking off from Manila runway 30 a no. 2 engine fire was reported. The flight was cleared for a runway 06 approach, but crashed in a rice field.A passenger poured petrol from a Whiskey bottle into a restroom and then broke the filler needle off a butane refill cartridge causing fumes to spray. He repeated this procedure in another restroom and struck a match, causing a fire and explosion. The fire was extinguished by the crew.Damaged beyond repair in storm.Damaged beyond repair in storm.Damaged beyond repair in storm.Damaged beyond repair in storm.The navaids calibration aircraft continued visual flight in instrument conditions. It struck a mountain in clouds.The Yakovlev 40S2 was struck by a rocket-propelled grenade during the boarding process. Prime Minister Rashid Karam of Lebanon had just boarded. He survived the impact and subsequent fire.An Antonov 24, registered CU-T879, collided in midair with a Cubana Douglas DC-8, CU-T1200. The outer portion of the DC-8's wing, including an engine, separated. The DC-8 landed safely at Havana. The Antonov crashed, killing all 5 on board.Antonov 24 CU-T879 collided in midair with Cubana DC-8 CU-T1200. The outer portion of the DC-8's wing, including an engine, separated. The DC-8 landed safely however. The Antonov crashed, killing all 5 on board.Damaged beyond repair.A flight of four Cuban Air Force MiG-21MF planes was attacking the UNITA aerodrome at Gago Coutinho. The F-27 was struck by an S-24 unguided rocket, fired by one of the planes.The aircraft, 368lb overweight, shuddered after takeoff. The left wing dropped, the aircraft levelled and then the right wing dropped before colliding with the ground.The aircraft, carrying 18930l. of fuel oil landed at Udrivik Lake. Braking action was poor so the pilot groundlooped the aircraft to prevent it from overrunning the runway. The Electra slid off sideways causing the right main gear to collapse. A fire broke out.The An-24 was approaching Saratov Airport, Russia, descended below the glide path. The aircraft touched down on the runway threshold at 2.35 g, bounced, and came down on the nose gear at 3 g.The aircraft belly landed, causing substantial damage to the propellers, starboard wing and fuselage.Forced landing near Highway 7 in Southern Chile.The pilot requested a straight in approach, but was cleared for a circling ILS approach. A rain shower passed the airport and an 8-knot 158-202 degree tailwind was present as the Falcon 20 approached the field. After touchdown the plane hydroplaned. The pilot did not deploy the drag chute and the plane overran the wet runway. Confusion exists regarding the registration; some sources report the plane was registered N7824M.The DC-3 left Chigorodó at 12:54 and climbed to the cruising altitude of FL115. Eyewitnesses later saw the aircraft lose control and crash inverted.After a night visual runway 06R approach, the aircraft touched down. The nosegear collapsed immediately. The aircraft was destroyed by fire.A Lockheed Lodestar carrying 4000 lb (1814 kg) of marijuana suffered a no. 2 engine no. 9 exhaust valve failure. The pilot did not feather the propeller and tried to land at Pompano Beach Airport, FL. The aircraft stalled and crashed while turning on approach.Flew into the ground when it descended below minima during an ILS approach.The aircraft hit powerlines on approach to a field and crashed. Authorities discovered ca. 1000 kg of marijuana on board.Missing on a Santa Rosa-La Paz flight.The HS-748 the Gabinete Peak in the Andes, killing all on board.Crash-landed after having been hit by gun fire. Vila Cabral is now named Lichinga.The aircraft struck a mountain on a flight from San Borja to La Paz.The aircraft struck a mountain on a flight from San Borja to La Paz.The aircraft crashed short of runway 33 after hitting an ILS tower.Entered high-speed dive during climb; dove into the ground.The aircraft had carried out several takeoffs and landings at Flandes for co-pilot type training. During the last takeoff the landing gear failed to retract. The Lodestar returned to Bogotá were a flapless landing was carried out on runway 12. Braking attempts proved ineffective, causing the plane to depart the runway, coming to rest in a drainage ditch.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Miami. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Not providedNot providedThe aircraft crashed in a steep nose down attitude during a 350 deg heading change to intercept the localizer.Written off. The airplane carried a dual military serial FAE 15677.The aircraft overran the runway on landing and ended up in a paddy field.Weather at Huntsville was below minima, so the flight was diverted to Houston Intercontinental Airport. The runway 08 ILS approach was abandoned due to intermittent operation of the aircraft ILS localizer receiver instruments. The crew then tried an NDB approach with Houston TRICON monitoring on surveillance radar. The DC-3 continued descent below minimum descent altitude until the left wing collided with a 23 m high power line tower, located 3 km short of the runway. About 5 m of wing was torn off; the aircraft continued 195 m before striking the ground in a 30-degree nose down and inverted attitude.The aircraft crashed on takeoff from runway 17. It came to rest in bushes .A THY Fokker F-28 jet was on a night instrument approach to Istanbul-Yesilköy (IST) when an electrical power failure occurred at the airport. The airport and runway lights went off but were restored within 10 seconds. During this period of darkness, the F-28 crew initiated a missed approach. The pilot elected to remain VFR under a variable ceiling of 240 m. Because another aircraft was about to takeoff, an extended downwind leg was flown. The aircraft crashed into the Sea of Marmara while maneuvering for another approach.The Yak-40 passenger plane was cleared of snow prior to departure. However the wings were quickly covered with snow because of continuing snowfall. During run up the snow was blown off the right hand wing.The F-27 landed at Vagar runway 31 with a 9 kt crosswind and 6 knots tailwind component. About 950 m after touchdown the aircraft started veering to the left. The aircraft ran off the runway and struck high terrain 85 m left of the runway. The 1100 m runway was covered with water and ice at the time of the accident.One hijacker demanded money and the release of prisoners. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair in rocket attack at the airport.The Ilyushin had taken off from Moscow-Vnukovo for a flight to Yerevan. En route at FL260 an electrical power failure occurred, disabling the compass system, two main gyros and autopilot. The flight crew were confused now knowing whether the left, right or standby gyro were giving correct information. After some banking manoeuvres, the aircraft apparently lost control and crashed. The accident happened at night with a thick layer of clouds, topping at FL130; the natural horizon was not visible.Crashed in the jungle. The wreckage was found two days later.Crashed 1169 m short of runway 09.A Colombian male entered the platform at Medellín (EOH) shortly after a Saunders ST-27 passenger plane had arrived from Turbo (TRB), Colombia.Right main gear collapsed on landing.Right main gear collapsed on landing.Cartwheeled when the right wing struck the runway on landing. Improper operation of the flight controls.Crashed.The Tupolev 104 suddenly banked to the right about 20° when climbing through 30 m on takeoff. The airplane began to descend with an increasing roll, striking the ground 129 m to the right and 180 m from the south-eastern end of the runway at a right bank angle of 70°.During acceleration, the flight engineer stated, "Look at that warning light on No. 3." There was no verbal response from any other crewmember. The aircraft was accelerated normally to V1 and V2, was rotated, and was lifted off without difficulty. Shortly after the captain called for gear and flaps up, a loud noise was heard and the flight engineer announced that they had lost the No. 3 engine. The No.. 1 blade of the No. 3 propeller had and the loss of the blade caused an imbalance that caused separation, almost instantly, of the No. 3 engine from the aircraft. The propeller blade penetrated the lower fuselage of the aircraft and penetrated the lower inboard side of the No. 2 engine. As the blade passed through the fuselage, it severed pneumatic, hydraulic, and emergencyFlew into a mountain, 24 km NE of Torrejon AFB.Both engines ingested birds (gulls) on takeoff. Crash-landed in a field following powerloss.Crashed into the sea following engine trouble.This airframe was destroyed by a wind storm. It was parked to the east of the ACA hangar. The windstorm picked up the tail and drove the cockpit into the ground with enough force to leave the pilot's seat on the ground. Additionally, it was blown into a couple of Piasecki H21 airframes causing more damage.The Ilyushin was operating on a training flight and the crew was practicing a simulated dual engine failure with Nos. 3 and 4 engines shut down. Control was lost when the captain attempted a go-around but the No. 3 engine failed to relight. The propeller caused strong drag and the aircraft rolled and impacted with 55-60 degrees right bank.Damaged beyond repair in rocket attack at the airport.Damaged beyond repair in rocket attack at the airport.Crashed during takeoff or landing.The Antonov 2 was engaged in domestic services in Laos since the civil war ended in 1973.The Ilyushin struck the ground 1360 m after the runway 31 threshold and 120 m to the left of the centerline.One hijacker demanded to be taken to San Juan, PR. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair at Limassol Airport, Cyprus.Friendship 9Q-CLM landed too far down the runway, crossed a road and crashed down hill coming to rest 100 m past the runway end. One child was killed on the road. Some sources claim the accident happened on January 7, 1975.Golden West Flight 261 departed Ontario, CA at 15:56PST for a VFR flight to Los Angeles. At 16:04 the crew contacted LAX arrival and reported over Rose Hills. The flight was then cleared for the Terminal Control Area (TCA) and no. 2 arrival to runway 24L. At 16:05 the crew were advised that they had traffic 5,5nm in front of them climbing from 1500 to 3000 feet which was a police helicopter on a VFR flight. The arrival controller transmitted another advisory about the helicopter at 16:06, but there was no response. It appeared the Twin Otter had collided in flight at 2200 feet with a Cessna 150 aircraft (N11421). The Twin Otter was flying on a 250deg heading descending 300 feet/min at 146 knots airspeed while the Cessna was flying at 94 kts; the closing speed was 174 kts. The Cessna, operated by CessnAir Aviation had departed from Long Beach on a local training flight at 15:46. Both aircraft crashed. Debris caused some damage to houses and lawns near the crash site.The USAF Convair was returning from Meridian when it approached Langley AFB at night. At the same time a Cavalier Flyers Cessna 150H light aircraft, N50430, was in the area. Both aircraft were on a collision course but due to the reduced nighttime conspicuity of Cessna against a background of city lights, the USAF crew did not see the plane. Both aircraft collided and crashed.Crashed into a hill.A male passenger hijacked the flight shortly after landing at London-Heathrow Airport (LHR). He demanded $230.000 and a parachute. He later change his demands and stated he wanted to fly to Paris, France were he would surrender after 48 hours in which to fulfil an unrevealed purpose.A fuel leak in the no. 2 engine some 30 minutes after takeoff made the crew decide to return to San Borja. Because the Convair was losing height rapidly (and the San Borja radio aid was unserviceable), a precautionary landing was carried out as soon as ground became visible.The Twin Otter was on a reconnaissance flight when it flew into the side of the Nuñorco Chico at a height of 2000 m in poor weather conditions.Shot down by a SA-7 missile. The wreckage was found four days later by an Air America Bell 204BAircraft parked; cleaners overpowered hijacker 1 hijacker. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed after engine failure.Takeoff from Davis Monthan AFB was attempted with the gust locks engaged. The crew failed to abort the takeoff, causing the DC-4 to overrun the runway.Withdrawn from use after accident.A HS-748 passenger plane, operated by Bouraq Indonesia, was damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion accident at Palu Airport (PLW), Indonesia.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.Crashed shortly after takeoff.Crashed on approach.The aircraft lost altitude while flying over mountainous terrain at FL100 and struck trees with the right wing. Control was lost and the aircraft crashed into the side of a mountain.No. 2 engine problems forced the crew to return to San Borja. The aircraft crossed runway 18, continued, struck some trees 3 km past the end of the runway and crashed.The Herald transport plane was planning to land at Kuala Lumpur-Simpang Air Base when the left undercarriage failed to extend. The pilot decided to divert to Subang Airport for a controlled belly landing.Struck a cloud covered mountain peak at 11620 feet (3540 m) and fell 800 m into a canyon.Ditched off Recife following fuel shortage. The Sabreliner was on a flight from Frankfurt to Oklahoma City with intermediate stops at Ascencion in the Atlantic Ocean and Recife.The An-24 operated on a passenger flight from Riga to Kirov with an en route stop at Leningrad. During a night-time approach in poor weather, the Antonov descended below the glide path. The ground proximity warning system sounded, but the crew silenced the alarm. Descent was continued until the airplane contacted trees and crashed 1700 m short of the Inner Marker and 2165 m before the runway threshold.The YS-11 approached Navegantes in poor visibility (500 m visibility, dense fog over the runway) and touched down 460 m past the threshold. Control was lost and the aircraft ran off the right side of the runway, colliding with light beacons. The nose- and left main gear collapsed.Because of left-engine starter problems the crew tried a "one engine inoperative" takeoff and then attempt an airstart on the no. 1 engine. Directional control was lost at VR; the Learjet crashed.Landing in intermittent slight rain, the aircraft touched down 520 m down the runway. The aircraft overran, crossed a ditch and 3 drains before coming to rest 180 m past the end of the runway.Landing in intermittent slight rain, the aircraft touched down 520 m down the runway. The aircraft overran, crossed a ditch and 3 drains before coming to rest 180 m past the end of the runway.Damaged in an accident; repaired.Two hijackers. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Immediately after takeoff from Vnukovo Airport, runway 24, the Tu-124 jet aircraft entered clouds. Both artificial horizons then failed. The crew members did not have any visual cues outside the aircraft and lost situational awareness. The airplane banked left until the angle of bank reached about 95 degrees. At a descent rate of 50 m/s the airplane struck the ground, destroying several houses.A DC-10-30CF passenger plane, N1031F, was damaged beyond repair when it impacted terrain while attempting to land at Istanbul Airport (IST), Turkey.A DC-10-30CF passenger plane, N1031F, was damaged beyond repair when it impacted terrain while attempting to land at Istanbul Airport (IST), Turkey.A Rockwell Sabreliner 75A corporate jet was damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion accident at Wheeling-Palwaukee Airport, IL (PWK). One of the two pilots was injured.Failure or malfunction of an undetermined nature in the pilot's attitude indicating system led to a loss of control and overstress of the aircraft structure. The HS-125 was climbing through 9300 feet after departing Washington-National.No.1 engine failure due to oil exhaustion. The prop couldn't be feathered and the aircraft made an emergency landing in rough terrain.Crashed.Two hijackers. Hijackers taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed on landing.Crashed during touch-and-go.Crashed during touch-and-go.The Antonov 24 was carrying Sukhoi Su-9 pilots from the PVO fighter regiment at Tapa. On finals, the airplane flew too low in bad visibility caused by snow flurry. The wing collided with the chimney of a spirit factory. The aircraft made half a roll, crashed and burnt out.The C-47 force-landed in a field following a loss of engine power after takeoff from Cúcuta.Struck the water during an unauthorized test flight.The DC-8 was 1000 m into takeoff, using runway 15L, when it lifted off prematurely. The aircraft banked left, touched down again, veered off the runway and continued 800 m on the sod before coming to rest with the undercarriage and all 4 engines torn off.Damaged beyond repair when the undercarriage collapsed.Crashed.Takeoff from the ice strip was rejected. The pilot deliberately ground looped the aircraft in an attempt to avoid a weak spot of ice. The undercarriage collapsed.Crashed on landing in severe winds and high waves.The Nord collided with a Cessna 195 aircraft (N4377N) at 4500 feet, 54 seconds after being cleared for a left downwind approach to runway 31. The Cessna was enroute from Lincoln Park, NJ to York, PA when the upper right wingtip was struck by a propeller from the Nord.The aircraft took off from La Uribe at 19:00, but failed to arrive at its destination. The wreckage was located 35 days later on the Saliente del Rio Guape Mountain in the Cordillera Oriental at an elevation of 7200 feet.On approach to Hyannis, the crew got a nosegear unsafe-warning. After a firm touchdown, followed by a go-around the problem was solved. When descending from 1500 feet in a left turn the crew received a visual 'right engine fuel pressure low' warning. Crossfeed was turned on with both fuel boost pumps activated. At 500 feet however, the engine lost power. Because a populated area was ahead, a forced landing was made on a beach. On landing, the aircraft struck three huge boulders, causing (a.o.) the no. 1 engine to separate.A Shin Meiwa PS-1 flying boat, operated by the Japan Maritime Self Defence Force (JMSDF) was involved in a landing accident just off Iwakuni MCAS, Japan.The aircraft was engaged on an aerial survey sortie in the foothills East of Velikonda range in Andhra Pradesh, India. According to the eye-witnesses and the weather information, the prevailing weather conditions over the survey region during the period were 'Cloudy weather with cloud base varying from 600 m to 750 m'. It was quite probable that the cloud base was still lower over the particular area, covering the hill tops. The training crew of the Ilyushin 14 lost control after an uncommanded rudder hardover. The airplane crashed into a snow-covered swampy plain.Southern Airways Flight 242, a DC-9-31, operated as a scheduled passenger flight from Muscle Shoals, Alabama, to Atlanta, Georgia, with an intermediate stop at Huntsville, Alabama. Flight 242 departed Muscle Shoals at 15:21 and landed at Huntsville about 15:44.Crashed.Hydraulic system problems; crashed in a wheatfield when descending out of FL120 while returning to Denver.Crashed on landing.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed on landing and struck parked Nordair Lockheed L-188 Electra, registered CF-NAZ.A landing Canadian Armed Forces Canadair CP-107 Argus (serial 10737, c/n 28), crashed into the Electra. All three crewmembers aboard the Argus were killed.The DC-3 operated on a domestic flight from Zamboanga Airport (ZAM) to Sanga Sanga. There were Philippine servicemen on board this military charted flight.The crew continued their visual approach even after entering an area of fog with visibility less than 500 m and losing sight of the ground. When deciding to go around, the right wing hit a 9-meter high pole at a height of 6 m. The wing caught fire, and the number 2 engine had failed. With a progressive roll the aircraft flew 420 meters at an angle of 40-45° until the right wing touched the ground. The fuselage hit the ground sideways in a field about 1500 meters from the runway. The airplane broke up and caught fire.The aircraft had descended from 9000 feet to 5000 feet when the pilot spotted a mountain in front of him. Full power was applied and a steep climb was initiated. The aircraft stalled, struck trees and crashed.At 12:30 a bomb explodes in the Las Palmas passenger terminal. Because of warnings of a possible second bomb, the airport was closed. A large number of flights were diverted to Tenerife, a.o. KLM Flight 4805 from Amsterdam and PanAm Flight 1736 (coming from Los Angeles and New York).At 12:30 a bomb explodes in the Las Palmas passenger terminal. Because of warnings of a possible second bomb, the airport was closed. A large number of flights were diverted to Tenerife, a.o. KLM Flight 4805 from Amsterdam and PanAm Flight 1736 (coming from Los Angeles and New York).Takeoff was aborted due to an uncontained no. 4 engine failure.Takeoff was aborted due to an uncontained no. 4 engine failure.Two hijackers. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The aircraft crashed when the crew performed unauthorised manoeuvres at low height during crop-spraying operations near Forish. March 17, 1977 was the fourth day of a Boeing 707-436 conversion base training programme at Glasgow-Prestwick Airport (PIK). hijacker committed suicide 1 hijacker. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One hijacker. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed.A male Italian hijacker demanded to see his 3-year old daughter in Ivory Coast and his 6-year old daughter in Italy. The airplane made intermediate stops in Algiers, Abidjan (Ivory Coast), Sevilla, Turin, Zürich and Warzaw before flying back to Zürich were he was arrested by policemen pretending to be airline crew members. The hijacking ended March 16.The CL-215 struck rocks and came to rest partly submerged. The aircraft sustained further damage during a salvage operation.Veered off runway and crashed into a building.The aircraft, carrying 3720 lb (1687 kg) of marijuana, suffered a nosegear collapse while landing in an open area of the Everglades.Engine explosion during ground engine maintenance run. A fire erupted.The DC-8 crashed short of runway 09. It operated on a cargo flight on behalf of UTA French Airlines.Crashed into Monte Serra in fog; possible loss of situational awareness.Crashed into the sea off Aden.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed on landing.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed. The remains were used for spares.Struck the ice in whiteout conditions.Accident. One crew member suffered injuries. Became ground trainer TSLw3 at Wunstorf.Crashed.Stalled on takeoff due to ice accretion on wings.Take-off was initiated about 15 m behind the threshold markings of runway 27 . The soft surface hindered acceleration and 395 m further on the left landing gear dropped into a wheel track left by the same aircraft while landing on runway 09. The aircraft deviated to the left and the pilot aborted the take-off.The Il-18 operated on a passenger flight from Tashkent to Mineralnye Vody with an en route stop at Nukus.Damaged in an accident.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Yugoslavia. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Struck trees 1800 m short of runway 22.Crashed.The aircraft bounced after landing heavily 985 m past the runway 13 threshold, causing the nosegear to collapse. It was determined that the aircraft's sink rate at impact measures ca. 12,5 ft/second.The propeller couldn't be feathered following an engine failure. The aircraft lost speed and altitude and had to be ditched before it could reach the airport.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.En route at FL145 the no. 2 engine failed. Altitude could not be maintained and after ten minutes the captain applied takeoff power and water injection to the no. 1 engine. Altitude could still not be maintained and five minutes later a crash landing was made in a swamp at an elevation of about 790 ft .The aircraft slid about 400 m before coming to a stop.The YC-122 stalled and crashed shortly after takeoff.Crashed.Crashed.One hijacker demanded to be taken to West Germany. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Struck the ground while on a base leg of a visual approach to runway 13. Fog existed in the area.Improper loading of the aircraft caused the center of gravity limit to be exceeded by 12,61% mac. The pilot aborted the takeoff, but the plane could not be brought to a halt on the runway and overran by 285 feet.The Tupolev 144 supersonic passenger jet was to make a test flight before delivery to Aeroflot. At an altitude of 3000 m a fire started at the APU, located in the right delta-shaped wing. A turn was made to return to the airport and the both engines located in the right wing (engines no. 3 and 4) were shut down. The plane began to lose height. Fire trailed the plane and the cockpit filled with smoke. Then one of the remaining two engines failed. The crew managed to belly land the plane in a field, six minutes from the moment of the beginning of the fire. On impact the nose cone collapsed under the fuselage, penetrating the compartment in which two flight engineers were seated. Crashed.Crashed during a waterbombing mission when it lost control and nose-dived. The loss of control was probably caused by a momentary fuel starvation on the right hand engine due to an asymmetric fuel load.Struck the ground in a steep left wing nose-down attitude in the courtyard of a house. There was no fire.En route from Baku to Leningrad, the flight engineer accidentally disconnected the automatic transferring of fuel of the sump tank. When the sump tank became empty, all three engines stopped. The plane crash-landed near Maksatiha, Tver region.Falcon 20C N121GW was flying multiple instrument approaches in the Memphis traffic pattern during a training flight with a flight instructor and three Saudi Arabian first officers. Downwind following a runway 17R go around the Falcon collided with Cessna 150M N6423K at 2000 feet. Both aircraft crashed.Crashed.The Twin Otter was used on a training flight at Up Park Camp. Whilst in the circuit for the third landing, the pilots were going practiced a simulated engine failure. The aircraft was then seen to bank to the left and crashed on a cricket pitch about west of the airstrip. The aircraft caught fire after impact.Two hijackers demanded release of prisoners. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. One engine failed and the remaining engine suffered a partial loss of power. The Convair ditched in the Ohio River.An Avianca Boeing 727-59 on an internal flight from Santa Marta (SMR) to Bogotá (BOG) was hijacked by two 29-year old male passengers.Three hijackers demanded to be taken to Frankfurt. Demands were accepted and hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Lost control and crashed after takeoff because the elevator push-pull tube had broken. The aircraft had been parked in strong winds without the controls being locked.Damaged beyond repair on the ground.Flight 193 operated as a scheduled passenger from Miami to Pensacola, FL, with en route stops at Melbourne and Tampa, New Orleans, Louisiana, and Mobile. About 21:02 CDT the flight departed Mobile on an IFR flight plan to Pensacola and climbed to the cruising altitude of 7,000 feet. At 21:09, the crew were told that they would be vectored for an airport surveillance radar (ASR) approach to runway 25. At 21:13, the radar controller told National 193 that it was 11 nm NW of the airport and cleared it to descend and maintain 1700 feet. At 21:17 flaps were selected at 15deg and two minutes later the flight was cleared to descend to 1500 feet and shortly after that further down to the MDA (480 feet). As the aircraft rolled out on the final approach heading, the captain called for the landing gear and the landing final checklist. At 21:20:15, the ground proximity warning system (GPWS) whooper warning continued for nine seconds until the first officer silenced the warning. Nine seconds later the 727 hit the water with gear down and flaps at 25deg. It came to rest in about 12 feet of water. The weather at the time of the accident was 400 feet overcast, 4 miles visibility in fog and haze, wind 190deg/7 kts.The An-2 was detached for crop-spraying operations to the airstrip of the kolkhoz (collective farm) "Bolshevik" in the Tsimlyansk district of the Rostov region on 5 May 1978.One hijacker demanded to be taken abroad. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.The DC-6 approached Paramaribo runway 10 in poor weather (200 m visibility, decreasing) and struck trees 1800 m short of the runway and 100 feet left of the extended centreline.An engine failure during the takeoff roll caused the aircraft to swerve off the left side of the runway and strike a parked DC-3.Cattle on the first part of the runway forced the pilot to touch down about halfway down the wet runway. The left main gear collapsed as it struck a pot hole. The aircraft veered to the left and overran.One hijacker. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Flew into the side of a mountain while on approach to Valencia Airport (VLC), Spain.A Learjet 25B corporate jet was destroyed when it flew into the side of a mountain near Sarajevo. The airplane was carrying Yugoslav Prime Minister Dzemal Bijedic. The pilot initiated the procedural turn on approach was initiated 5.5 km further than prescribed and below the minimum altitude. Also, the airspeed was The Linjeflyg flight originated at Kristianstad (KID) with stops at Växjö (VXO) and Jönköping (JKG) en route to Stockholm (BMA). Crashed.The no. 1 engine failed shortly after taking off from runway 27L. The pilot attempted to land on runway 09R, but lost control and crashed.The Twin Otter was on approach to runway 32 when it struck a hill during a snow storm.A fire broke out in the no. 1 engine. The crew began orbiting to burn up fuel but the fire reached the fuel tank. At a height of 300 m the fuel tank exploded. The crew lost control and the airplane crashed.The DC-8 had been cleared for a runway 24L departure. Taxiing to the runway in thick fog, the crew ended up on runway 24R. Tower control gave directions and the crew then taxied to runway 24L. Just after lifting off the runway, the DC-8 stalled and crashed 300 m past the runway. The initial blood alcohol level of the captain was 298 mgs percent. A blood alcohol level of 100 mgs percent was considered to be legally intoxicating for drivers in the State of Alaska.Crashed on landing at Sturgate, Lincolnshire. Damaged beyond repair.The An-12 operated on a training flight with two other An-12BK-PPSs from Šiauliai at night. They were trying to jam two intercepting Sukhoi Su-11s which had taken off from Khotilovo when one of the Su-11s collided with the second An-12BK-PPS at a height of 6,350 metres and both aircraft crashed near Krestsy. All 8 crew of the An-12BK-PPS and the pilot of the Su-11 wereThe An-12 operated on a training flight with two other An-12BK-PPSs from Šiauliai at night. They were trying to jam two intercepting Sukhoi Su-11s which had taken off from Khotilovo when one of the Su-11s collided with the second An-12BK-PPS at a height of 6,350 metres and both aircraft crashed near Krestsy. All 8 crew of the An-12BK-PPS and the pilot of the Su-11 wereWritten off.The crew failed to maintain flying speed while on a runway 27 localizer back course approach. The Learjet rolled in a steep right turn 45deg nosedown and crashed. Weather was poor including 1200 feet indefinite ceiling, sky obscured and snow.The C-47 collided with electricity wires after takeoff and crashed.Climbed to FL90 out of Palm Springs on a flight to Las Vegas. The crew misinterpreted the IFR clearance and ATC instructions, maintained runway heading and flew into a mountain at an altitude of 9,700 ft.An improper flare caused the aircraft to land heavily 450 m down the runway. The aircraft bounced and touched down again nosegear first. The nose gear collapsed and the aircraft served off the runway, crossed a trench, skidded for 360 m and came to rest.No.1 engine problems (rise in engine temperature, overspeeding prop) forced the crew to return to Santa Cruz with the propeller feathered. The aircraft started losing altitude and freight had to be jettisoned. The no. 2 engine temperature started to rise making it difficult to reach the airport. A belly landing was made on a field.Reportedly shot down by Polisario.A CSA Tupolev 134 (OK-CFD) landed at Praha Airport and collided with an Ilyushin 18 (OK-NAA), which was taking off. The Tu-134 veered off the runway and came to rest after 2000 m. The Ilyushin was substantially damaged, but returned to service after repairs. It was withdrawn from use in 1981 and is now located in the Aviation Museum at Kbely near Prague.The An-2 encountered  below-minima weather conditions and impacted terrain near Ufa.The aircraft collided with the ground during a low pass. Customs agents were looking for the aircraft.Damaged beyond repair on landing.A Douglas C-118A (DC-6) cargo plane was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from Bogotá-Eldorado Airport (BOG), Colombia. All three crew members and five of the nine passengers were killed. The airplane reportedly failed to gain sufficient height on takeoff from runway 30. It struck a tree and broke up.Entered a high speed descent from FL313 shortly before reaching the cruising altitude of FL350, 8 minutes after takeoff.The airplane overran the runway on takeoff and was damaged beyond repair. The CV-440 had started its takeoff under conditions which exceeded its performance limits: the length of the runway, the airplane gross takeoff weight and the ambient temperature.Crashed short of the runway, broke up and caught fire.Crashed at sea during a routine training mission.Written off. One crew member suffered injuries.Flight 902 departed Paris for a flight to Seoul with an intermediate stop at Anchorage, AK. The aircraft passed the Canadian Station "Alert", located 400 miles from the North Pole where the crew corrected their course. However this brought them on a course directly across the Barents Sea towards Soviet airspace. The plane was initially recognized by Soviet anti-aircraft defense radars as a Boeing 747. Sukhoi Su-15TM interceptor jets were sent to intercept the intruder. When both Sukhoi jets were flying next to the Korean airliner, the captain said he slowed down plane and switched on landing lights. Nevertheless the Su-15 crews were ordered to shoot down the plane. According to the U.S. the Su-15 pilot for several minutes tried to convince his superiors to cancel the attack, because the aircraft was a civilian Boeing 707 instead of a reconnaissance Boeing RC-135. After an additional order two P-60 rockets were launched. One of them missed the 707 but the other rocket exploded, severely damaging part of the left wing. Shrapnel punctured the fuselage, causing a rapid decompression and killing two passengers. The Korean pilot initiated an emergency descent from FL350 to 5000 feet and entered clouds. Both Sukhoi jets lost the 707 in the clouds. The aircraft continued at low altitude, crossing the Kola Peninsula and looking for a place to land. After several unsuccessful attempts in the evening dusk landed on the ice of Korpijärvi lake. All occupants were rescued by Russian helicopters.Crashed during training flight.Crashed on takeoff.Crashed after stalling.Written off.Stalled on takeoff and crashed-landed next to the runway.Crashed.The aircraft lost speed on take-off from Muryuk (Verkh-Chebula District of the Kemerovo Region), stalled and crashed.Crashed on return to the departure airport.The aircraft belly landed and caught fire.One hijacker demanded to be taken to New York. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Written off.A Convair CV-300, registered N777DC, carried out a forced landing in the Cienéga Unguía lagoon, Colombia.Weather was very poor (visibility one mile or less, 400 feet ceiling in fog) as the Beech 99 approached Meigs Field. The pilot lost control of the plane, which then crashed into the water of Lake Michigan.Landed short of runway; damaged beyond repair.Crashed near the Karmwal Pass at an altitude of 16.000 feet.Crashed.Overran runway. The aircraft was carrying about 20000 lb of marijuana on board.A no. 1 engine fire forced the crew to return to the airport. The engine fire extinguishing system failed and the aircraft landed with the engine still burning. The left wing and fuselage were consumed by fire.Damaged beyond repair in heavy landing.A wheel on the port main gear blew due to overheating after the fourth consecutive takeoff, causing a hydraulics fire. The airplane was subsequently damaged beyond repair in the crash-landing.Flight 46 departed Boston with a 65-minute delay due to adverse weather encountered on an earlier flight leg that day. Around 20:30 the crew requested weather information for Rockland and 3 alternate airports. Weather at Rockland was indefinite ceiling, 300 feet, sky obscured, visibility 3/4 mile in fog; wind light and variable - conditions deteriorating. Navy Brunswick Approach Control then cleared the flight to descend to 3000 feet at captain's discretion. At 20:42 the flight was cleared to cruise at 3000 feet for a Richmond runway 03 approach. Last radio transmission was when the crew reported inbound from the Sprucehead NDB. The Twin Otter struck trees 80 feet above the ground with its left wing and continued striking trees before coming to rest 1,2 miles SSW of the runway 03 threshold, 340 feet from initial impact. The aircraft fuselage came to rest on its left side with the forward 16 feet-section of the fuselage crushed.Crashed. One of the occupants killed was Lt. Col. Ahmed Ould Bouceif, prime minister of the Mauritanian government following an April 1979 coup d'etat.Royal Nepal Airlines operated non-scheduled charter flight RA621 from Kathmandu, Nepal to Patna, India. The aircraft was on a visual approach for landing at Patna when it sustained a vulture bird strike on the pilot's front windscreen. The aircraft, however, landed safely on runway 25 at Patna Airport.A Howard 350, N1514S, was destroyed when it collided with trees while performing a forced landing near Fort Lauderdale, Florida.Boeing 737 OO-SDH operated on a training flight with an instructor and two co-pilot students. Both students were going to practice ILS approaches to runway 25 at Charleroi-Gosselies Airport (CRL) followed by a touch-and-go. The initial six approaches were uneventful. The students then changed seats. The second student's first approach and touch-and-go were uneventful. During the second touch-and-go a flock of birds (ring doves) were observed crossing the runway. Several birds were ingested as the airplane was rotating. The instructor took over control and attempted to continue takeoff. The airplane failed to respond to his control inputs and seemed to decelerate. He then decided to abort the takeoff. There was insufficient runway length available so the Boeing overran, struck localiser antennas and skidded. The right main gear collapsed and the no. 2 engine was torn off in the slide. The aircraft came to rest 300 m past the runway end and was destroyed by fire.Written off.Written off.One hijacker. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. A Learjet 23, N133W, was damaged beyond repair when it hydroplaned off the runway and collided with fences at Hollywood-Burbank Airport, California.The aircraft lost height following takeoff from runway 06 and struck trees located 400 feet right of the extended centreline. Control was lost and the aircraft crashed in a paddy field bursting into flames.Flew into a high ground.The aircraft crashed into the sea following an onboard fire.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The aircraft began an abnormal descent after reaching an altitude of 4900 m and struck the ground near Gabare.The EC-121 taxied out to the runway for a routine training mission. Then the left main landing gear suddenly collapsed and the left wing struck the ground. The aircraft started to rotate rapidly to the left and the right tip tank snapped off, rupturing the fuel tanks. A fire erupted and the aircraft was evacuated.The airplane was hijacked shortly after leaving San Francisco International Airport, CA (SFO). Flight UA696 landed in Oakland to disembark passengers and cabin crew and to take on fuel for Cuba. Clay Thomas (hijacker) panicked and had the flight take off before complete fueling so Flight 696 had to land in Denver for more fuel. The cockpit crew escaped in Denver by jumping from the cockpit windows. The hijacker surrendered after loss of hostages.One hijacker demanded to be taken to China. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The airplane crashed onto the frozen Lake Ukshozero, shortly after takeoff. The six crew members and one passenger died in the crash. Debris partially sunk. The crew likely lost spatial orientation after entering clouds following a failure of the artificial horizon.Gear collapse while parked.Artificial horizon problems following takeoff forced the crew to return to the airport. The aircraft crashed into the sea.Touched down far down the runway after a high approach, aquaplaned off the runway, dropped into a hollow 20 m deep and caught fire.Crashed.Crashed.One hijacker. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The DHC-4 Caribou cargo plane was configured for a STOL departure. During a crosswind turn after takeoff, the crew lost control and crashed in an extreme nose-down attitude. The aircraft came down 1300 feet from the end of the runway and 500 feet left of the extended centerline.Flight 191 left the gate at Chicago-O'Hare at 14:59 and taxied to runway 32R. At 15:02 the flight was cleared for takeoff. The takeoff roll was normal until just before rotation at which time sections of the No. 1 engine pylon structure came off the aircraft. During rotation the entire no. 1 engine and pylon separated from the aircraft, went over the top of the wing, and fell to the runway. Flight 191 lifted off about 6,000 feet down the runway, climbed out in a wings level attitude, and reached an altitude of about 300 feet agl with its wings still level. Shortly thereafter, the aircraft began to turn and roll to the left, the nose pitched down, and the aircraft began to descend. As it descended, it continued to roll left until the wings were past the vertical position. The DC-10 crashed in an open field and trailer park about 4,680 feet northwest of the departure end of runway 32R. The aircraft was demolished during the impact, explosion, and ground fire. Two persons on the ground were killed.Indian Airlines flight  IC540 landed at runway 14 of Nagpur Airport at 22:40 hours local time. Just after touchdown, the captain saw three cows on the runway about 1000-1500 ft ahead.  At this stage, the pilot was not able to avoid the animals and hit all tree cows.The Tupolev landed at Ufa with the wheel brakes locked. As a result all tyres ruptured on landing and the flight ran off the side of the runway. The left main landing gear broke, causing the left wing to strike the runway. A fuel tank ruptured and a fire erupted.Ditched after an in-flight fire.Crashed during an emergency landing at Don Nok AFB after the port engine had failed. Damaged beyond repair. The remains of the Trislander were sold to Aurigny Air Services for spares in 1983.Crashed on landing.The C-54 did not lift off on takeoff, overran the runway and collided with a dirt bank. The elevator gust locks were not removed prior to takeoff.Crashed.The overloaded An-2 was damaged beyond repair in an accident near Svidovets.During takeoff from Sochi-the aircraft did not accelerate beyond 220 km/h for 2-3 seconds due to changing wind. The crew aborted the takeoff run 110 metres before the runway threshold although V1 had been reached. The aircraft overran the runway and collided with trees. Five out seven crew and ten out of 72 passengers were injured.Veered off the runway and hit a car.Crashed.Ran off runway on landing.Crashed while searching for a SAETA Vickers 785D Viscount (HC-AVP) which was reported missing since April 23 on a flight from Quito to Cuenca.The aircraft ditched in the Caribbean Sea after the pilots got lost. During last radio contact the crew reported that the navigational instruments were out.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.A Howard 250 airplane, a converted Lockheed 18 Lodestar, was destroyed when it crashed shortly before landing at Tampico Airport (TAM), Mexico. This was a planned stop en route from Belize City to Went missing on a Quito-Cuenca flight and was found 5 years later on high ground, 25nm off track.While on finals, the C-47A struck stones marking the runway 11 threshold. During the landing roll the right hand gear collapsed. The aircraft was repaired and was damaged beyond repair in an accident five months later.The aircraft landed back on the runway following lift-off and gear retraction. The F-27 then slid 750 m on its belly before coming to rest in the runway 01 overshoot area.Crashed during a fire fighting mission.Damaged beyond repair after carrying out an emergency landing following engine failure.At 12:31 hours the Fokker F-28 was cleared by Kano Control Tower to descend to flight level 65. When reporting field in sight it was asked to maintain same flight level because a Nigerian Air Force MiG-21U jet trainer had been cleared to descend to 500 m off (about 3,000ft QNH) and report overhead. When the jet trainer was on final it was cleared for a touch-and-go and while it was taking off the F-28 reported left hand down wind runway 05 still maintaining FL65. The F-28 was then cleared to descend to circuit altitude and report final as number 1. The jet trainer was informed accordingly and was instructed to let the F-28 land first. At 12:42 hours the F28 was on final and cleared to land. At 12:43 the duty controller observed the aircraft crashing in flames about 2 km before runway 05 threshold.Continental Flight 603 (Los Angeles - Honolulu) received clearance to taxi to runway 06R at 09:01. At 09:22 the flight was cleared to taxi into position and hold. Takeoff clearance was given a minute later, but the crew delayed the acknowledgment, because the captain thought the clearance was given too soon after a heavy jet aircraft had made its takeoff. Acceleration was normal, but while approaching the V1 speed (156 knots) a loud "metallic bang" was heard, followed by a quivering. As rejected takeoff procedures were begun, the airspeed continued to increase to 159 knots. The aircraft appeared to be decelerating normally, but with 2000 feet of runway remaining, the flight crew became aware that the rate of deceleration had decreased and they believed that the aircraft would not be able to stop on the runway. The aircraft was steered to the right and departed the right corner of the runway end. About 100 feet beyond the runway, the left main gear broke through the nonload-bearing tarmac surface and failed. A fire erupted in this area as the aircraft turned to the left, coming to rest 664 feet from the runway end and 40 feet right of the extended centreline in a 11deg left wing low and 1,3deg nose-up attitude.Crashed.The undercarriage had to be recycled prior to landing in order to obtain a down and locked indication. The right main gear was still retracted, however. Despite a warning from the tower controller, the crew continued to land. The DC-6 veered off the runway and ended up in a drainage ditch, 4300 feet from the runway threshold and 200 feet to the right of the centerline.The undercarriage had to be recycled prior to landing in order to obtain a down and locked indication. The right main gear was still retracted, however. Despite a warning from the tower controller, the crew continued to land. The DC-6 veered off the runway and ended up in a drainage ditch, 4300 feet from the runway threshold and 200 feet to the right of the centerline.Crashed into the sea on approach.Crashed into the sea on approach.A Douglas DC-3 transport plane operated by the Colombian Air Force was destroyed in an accident at Serrania Los Cobardes, killing all five on board.On February 18, 1978 two terrorists entered the Nicosia Hilton Hotel and shot and killed the editor of Egypt's leading newspaper. They forced hostages to go with them to the airport at Larnaca for a getaway flight out of the country. They were given a DC-8 with four crew members. Engine failure on takeoff. The aircraft carried the dual Peruvian Air Force serial FAP-395.The cabin heater was left working unattended between flights. A rags caught fire, which incinerated the cabin. The forward fuselage burnt out.Crashed.Forced landing in the shallow water of Laguna de Brus; damaged beyond repair.Pacific Western flight 314 was a scheduled service from Edmonton, AB (YEG) to Castlegar Airport, BC (YCG) with stops at Calgary, AB (YYC) and Cranbrook (YXC). The flight departed Calgary at 12:32 in the afternoon. The airplane climbed to FL200 which was reached at 12:38. Calgary ATC then reported to the Cranbrook Aeradio station that flight 314 was underway with an ETA of 13:05. At Cranbrook it was snowing with the visibility reported as 3/4 of a mile, and a radio equipped snow removal vehicle was sweeping the runway. The Aeradio operator at Cranbrook alerted the driver of the vehicle about the incoming aircraft and gave him the ETA of 13:05; they both expected the flight would report by the "Skookum Beacon" on a straight-in approach to runway 16, thus giving the vehicle operator about seven minutes to get off the runway. At 12:46, while descending out of FL180, flight 314 contacted Cranbrook Aeradio. One minute later the crew were advised that snow removal was in progress. No further transmissions were received from the flight by Aeradio. The aircraft passed the Skookum beacon inbound on a straight-in instrument approach, and flew the ILS for runway 16 to touchdown. The aircraft touched down at 12:55 some 800 feet from the threshold and reverse thrust was selected. Suddenly the crew noticed a snow plough on the runway. A go-around was initiated immediately. However one of the thrust-reversers didn't fully re-stow because hydraulic power was automatically cut off at lift-off. Pacific Western flight 314 was a scheduled service from Edmonton, AB (YEG) to Castlegar Airport, BC (YCG) with stops at Calgary, AB (YYC) and Cranbrook (YXC). The flight departed Calgary at 12:32 in the afternoon. The airplane climbed to FL200 which was reached at 12:38. Calgary ATC then reported to the Cranbrook Aeradio station that flight 314 was underway with an ETA of 13:05. At Cranbrook it was snowing with the visibility reported as 3/4 of a mile, and a radio equipped snow removal vehicle was sweeping the runway. The Aeradio operator at Cranbrook alerted the driver of the vehicle about the incoming aircraft and gave him the ETA of 13:05; they both expected the flight would report by the "Skookum Beacon" on a straight-in approach to runway 16, thus giving the vehicle operator about seven minutes to get off the runway. At 12:46, while descending out of FL180, flight 314 contacted Cranbrook Aeradio. One minute later the crew were advised that snow removal was in progress. No further transmissions were received from the flight by Aeradio. The aircraft passed the Skookum beacon inbound on a straight-in instrument approach, and flew the ILS for runway 16 to touchdown. The aircraft touched down at 12:55 some 800 feet from the threshold and reverse thrust was selected. Suddenly the crew noticed a snow plough on the runway. A go-around was initiated immediately. However one of the thrust-reversers didn't fully re-stow because hydraulic power was automatically cut off at lift-off. Crashed soon after takeoff and caught fire.The aircraft lifted off at a point of 1173 feet-1486 feet down runway 36 and was then seen to begin a steep climb at an angle of 20-45deg. to 300 feet-400 feet height. The plane then turned left and descended nose-down at a flightpath angle of about 45deg. until it struck the ground 1669 feet past the runway end and caught fire.Crashed.One hijacker demanded to be taken to West Germany. Demands were accepted and hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Collided with Antonov 2TP CCCP-40563, killing all aboard. CCCP-40563 landed safely with minor damage. The crash was caused by an ATC error and poor airmanship on the part of CCCP-40563's pilots.Crashed.The Howard 350 aircraft overshot the runway in landing and collided with trees. A fire broke out. Some 4000 lb (1814 kg) of marijuana was found on board.The Howard 350 aircraft overshot the runway in landing and collided with trees. A fire broke out. Some 4000 lb (1814 kg) of marijuana was found on board.A Fairchild F-27, operated by Quebecair, was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from Quebec Airport, QC (YQB), Canada. There were 3 crew and 21 passengers aboard. 3 crew and 14 passengers suffered fatal injuries. 6 passengers suffered serious injuries. 1 passenger escaped with minor or no injuries.In October 1978 Uganda's Idi Amin attempted to annex the Kagera Salient, a part of Tanzania. The Tanzanian president, Julius Nyerere, responded by sending troops into Uganda. Supported by the Uganda National Liberation Front (UNLF), the Tanzanian army captured Kampala and destroyed Boeing 707 5X-UAL at the Entebbe International Airport.Damaged beyond repair.Destroyed by fire during a UNLA and Tanzanian army attack on Entebbe.Pan Am flight PA816 was hijacked at Sydney-Kingsford Smith Airport, NSW (SYD), Australia. Hit by a car; written off.The Antonov 26 crashed into a wooded hillside while on approach to Baykit (BKT), Russia. The airplane carried a cargo of oranges, 3700 kg. Some passengers were allowed to travel to Baykit by the captain of the plane.TWA Flight 841 entered an uncontrolled maneuver at FL390. The aircraft descended to about 5,000 feet in about 63 seconds before the flightcrew regained control. About 22:31, the flightcrew made an emergency landing at Detroit. Takeoff was aborted when the no. 2 engine failed. The Ilyushin overran the runway, collided with the ILS localizer antenna causing the aircraft to break up and burst into flames.The Tupolev 134 departed Omsk on a cargo flight to Liepaya with an en-route stop at Gorkiy (now Nizhniy Novgorod). The crew carried out an approach at night in conditions of snow and rain (visibility 900 meters). The approach was unstabilized and the plane descended too fast, below the glide slope. At a height of 180 m the crew switched off the autopilot. The plane had deviated to the right of the localizer, and the vertical speed has increased up to 8 m/s. The crew tried to establish visual contact to the ground and to banked to the left. At height of 60 m the power levers were advanced to takeoff thrust, but was already too late. At 00:57 (Moscow time) the Tu-134 clipped trees 1690 m from the runway threshold and 155 m to the right of its extended centerline at height of 10-12 m. Then it turned left, banking 45-degrees and crashed into a railway embankment at height of 2 m, disintegrated and caught fire.A Yak-40 passenger plane crashed in a dacha colony close to Chardzhou Airport (CRZ), Turkmenistan. All 34 on board survived.The aircraft, a DHC-4A Caribou transport plane was being ferried to Canada after having been stored in Guyana for 15 months. It operated previously for Guyana Airways as 8R-GDO. Cargo included two spare engines, one extra propeller and spare parts. The only overwater survival equipment on board was four life jackets for the three occupants.A Tupolev 104B passenger jet, registered CCCP-42444, was damaged beyond repair in a CFIT accident near Moskva-Vnukovo Airport (VKO), Russia. There were 113 passengers and six crew members on board. The airplane operated on a flight from Vnukovo to Odessa-Central Airport (ODS)One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed into a factory on climbout. Damaged beyond repair.The aircraft was badly damaged in a landing accident after one tyre burst.Flight Royal Jordanian 600 departed Amman for a flight to Doha and Muscat. With the first officer as the handling pilot the aircraft, called "The City of Petra", left Amman at 21:55. Contact was established with Doha at 23:08 at a range of 45 miles when weather information was received, which included: wind 090deg at 17 knots, visibility 10 km in thunderstorms, 1/8 CS at 2500 feet, 3/8 at 3000 feet, and QNH 1008. The controller added that the thunderstorm appeared to be building up over and to the north west of the airfield. The pilot requested runway 16 and was cleared for a visual approach to that runway or for a NDB/VOR approach if visual contact with the airfield was not established. Damaged beyond repair.The An-2 was destroyed when it broke through the surface of a frozen lake and sank.The pilot-in-command diverted from the guideline and the aircraft collided with a fence and obstruction lights marking construction work while taxiing to the departure runway. The right wing tank sustained substantial damage, leading to the loss of 500 kg fuel. The Caravelle was named "Dauphiné".One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The aircraft struck a cloud-covered mountain, Cerro Granada, at 6800 feet.The aircraft struck a cloud-covered mountain, Cerro Granada, at 6800 feet.The aircraft was damaged by an oxygen fire on the ground.No. 2 engine problems forced the crew to return to San Ramon. On landing it ran off the runway into a ditch. A bystander was killed in the accident.Damaged beyond repair.Controlled flight into terrain while flying in a snow squall.hijacker demanded money to pay for a cancer-treatment 1 hijacker demanded money. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The flight, to check out a newly hired pilot, took off at 13:00. A runway 27 VOR approach was carried out, followed by circling approach and full stop landing on runway 17. The Twin Otter took off again from runway 17 and was seen to attain an extreme nose-high attitude. The aircraft reached a height of 100-150 feet, nosed over and crashed. The flaps were found fully extended in the 30-degree position, while the normal setting for takeoff of 10 degrees.A Britten-Norman BN-2A Trislander passenger plane, operated by TAVINA Colombia, was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing in the Ciénaga Grande de Santa Marta marsh in Colombia. The 16 passengers and two pilots were not injured.Two hijackers demanded to be taken to Cuba. Demands were accepted and hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff from Kisangani runway 28 and caught fire.The no. 1 engine failed 12 miles east of San Juan. While securing the engine, a loss of power on the no. 2 engine occurred. The pilot was forced to ditch the DC-3 1000 feet offshore.At 17:49 the flight took off from Los Angeles runway 24L. When the aircraft crossed the departure end of the runway, the right propeller was observedAt 17:49 the flight took off from Los Angeles runway 24L. When the aircraft crossed the departure end of the runway, the right propeller was observedCrashed.Rocky Mountain Airways Flight 801, crashed into rolling terrain shortly after takeoff in visual flight conditions from runway 34 at Cheyenne Municipal Airport, WY (CYS). Two passengers were injured slightly.Aeroflot flight 212 was hijacked by four passengers shortly after takeoff from Oslo. They threatened to blow up the plane using glass bottles filled with kerosene. The airplane made a scheduled landing at Stockholm-Arlanda Airport (ARN) where the hijackers were overpowered by crew members.Crashed in a swamp.Crashed after a bomb exploded in flight. Conflicting sources say the accident happened near Barentu or southwest of Asmara.Quebecair Flight 714 was approaching Hewanorra Airport runway 10 when it was caught by windshear (a mountain wave). When already over the runway threshold the aircraft stopped its descent. The co-pilot, who was pilot flying, retarded the throttles. However at that moment the aircraft had passed the windshear zone and slammed onto the runway from a height of 6 m. The Boeing 707 bounced twice, causing the nosegear to collapse. The Boeing slid 2000 feet and came to rest 4100 feet from the threshold. The aircraft was sold to Aviation Sales as N311AS and was broken up at St. Lucia in 1979.At 14:28 hours Flight 4374 had levelled out at 3000 feet with the undercarriage and flaps up and was being radar vectored for an ILS approach to Auckland Airport. When visual flight conditions were encountered and the captain commenced the descent the aircraft was 9 miles from the runway threshold at an airspeed of approximately 165 knots and in a good position to carry out a normal descent and approach for a landing on runway 05. About one minute later, at 2 minutes 14 seconds prior to colliding with the sea, the aircraft's IAS had increased to 211 knots (11 knots in excess of the company's stipulatedThe Twin Otter was carrying a cargo of meat when low clouds reduced the visibility at the destination Wynyard. The pilot first diverted to Devonport but later decided to go back to King Island. He became lost and was low on fuel. A precautionary landing was made in a paddock.The Twin Otter was carrying a cargo of meat when low clouds reduced the visibility at the destination Wynyard. The pilot first diverted to Devonport but later decided to go back to King Island. He became lost and was low on fuel. A precautionary landing was made in a paddock.Shortly after departing Kariba, Air Rhodesia Viscount "Umniati" was hit in the jet pipe of the inner port engine by a SAM-7 missile, burst into flames and crashed out of control into a ravine in the Vuti African Purchase Area. Responsible for the shoot down were soldiers from Joshua Nkomo's Zimbabwe Peoples Revolution Army (ZIPRA). They were also responsible for shooting down an Air Rhodesia Viscount September 3, 1978.At 11:16 Allegheny Flight 561 departed Clarksburg for a flight to Morgantown, WV but the pilot decided not to make an approach at Morgantown because the ILS glide slope was out of service, and the visibility was 1/2 mile. The flight returned to Clarksburg and landed at 11:46.The left wing struck the ground during a simulated no. 1 engine failure. The right wing hit the ground and the aircraft crashed.Struck trees and crashed into flames.Flew into the side of Bjelasnica Mountain at an elevation of about 1370 m.Damaged beyond repair after ground collision with another PAF Hercules, 10687.Damaged beyond repair after ground collision with Hercules AP-HFP/23488 (cn 3698)Crashed.Missing over the Pacific Ocean, some 30 minutes after takeoff from Tokyo. The aircraft carried 153 paintings, worth USD 1.24 mln.Crashed.New year's day 1978. It's 20:12 when Air-India flight 855 departs Bombay Airport's runway 27 for a flight to Dubai. The Boeing 747-200, named "Emperor Ashoka", was cleared to climb to 8000 feet and report leaving 2400 feet. Approx. one minute after takeoff the plane enters a gentle right turn heading for the Arabian Sea. The Attitude Director Indicator (ADI) however remained in a right-bank indication, while the wings were already level. The captain then said: "What's happened here, my instrument...". The co-pilot didn't note the captain's concern and replied: "Mine has also toppled, look's fine." The flight engineer however noticed the difference between the captain's ADI and the third spare ADI. Because it was dark outside and the aircraft was over the Arabian Sea, there was no visual contact with the horizon. The captain continued to roll to the left because, looking at his ADI, he still thinks the plane is in a right bank. As the airplane rolled through 40 degrees left, the flight engineer indicated to the captain: "Don't go by that one, don't go by that one...". The plane however continued to roll to the left, to 108 degrees left bank. The 747 started to descend from approx. 2000 feet altitude until it crashed into shallow (10 m deep) water, 3 km offshore in an approx. 35-40deg nose down pitch.The aircraft descended too low and crashed 15 km short of the runway. Damaged beyond repair in a hard landing following a steep approach, resulting in violent contact with the runway.Jumped chocks during engine runs; damaged beyond repair.Rolled violently, lost control and crashed while on approach to runway 09 . Loss of control was caused by icing and/or preceding DC-9 wake vortex and/or a delayed application of engine thrust during an attempted go-around.Fokker F-27 F-BYAH suffered aileron vibrations in flight. Modifications were made during December 1978 and January 1979. A test flight was planned on January 28. The airplane was flown by an Air Rouergue captain and co-pilot. Also present on board were a two engineers, a Fokker technician and an Air Alpes pilot. The L-410 went out of control while practising flying turns with one prop feathered. The aircraft entered a spin and spiralled down, impacting a snow-covered field near the outer marker.A hijacker wanted certain celebrities to read a message on television. Plane stormed/hijacker arrested. Duration of the hijacking: 1 day.Reported written off in an accident.6 hijackers demanded release of prisoners. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The An-24 passenger plane, CCCP-46807, was destroyed in an accident while on approach to Minsk-1 International Airport (MHP). All five crew members were killed and just one of the nine passengers survived the accident.Grumman G-73 Mallard, named "Catalina Clipper", hit three waves hard during takeoff. The left wing broke off and the left engine tore away.Ran off runway 04 on landing and collided with a snow bank.Written off.Three hijackers demanded release of prisoners. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed.The aircraft nosed over on landing and sustained irreparable damage.Touchdown short of the runway; the left gear and wing failed.Crashed on takeoff.Damaged beyond repair in a storm.The Ilyushin 14FKM operated transportation flights for participants of the 24th Soviet Antarctic expedition.An in-flight fire forced the crew to return to Moscow. The Antonov could not make it to the runway and crash-landed short of the runway without gear and flaps.Crashed. SP-ANC was the Antonov 2 prototype.The C-130H Hercules transport plane originated in Tenerife-Norte Los Rodeos Airport (TFN) on the Spanish Canary Islands. The airplane was flying to Gando Air Base on the island of Las Palmas were it would pick up seventy soldiers. Gear struck a wall on approach.The F-27 plane crashed on a flight from Lagos (LOS) to Sao-Tome/Principe with military, government officials and reporters on board. The crash occurred just off the coast of Forcados close to Warri in the Niger Delta. It was a 12 man delegation sent by the Federal Military Government at that time on a defence diplomatic mission to São Tomé. One of the casualties was Nigeria's Minister of External Affairs Abubakar Usman.The Convair CV-240 was 7353 lb over the maximum gross weight when it departed Daytona Beach. In addition, the crew were aware of the fact that the oil lines of the plane were 15 years old. During takeoff, the no. 2 engine caught fire. The pilot continued the takeoff and initiated a left turn, followed by a steep right turn. The aircraft crashed and caught fire.Lost control after encountering clear air turbulence at FL430. The Learjet had exceeded its Mach limits when the pilots responded to the encounter. The Mach overspeed warning horn had been disconnected with an unauthorized cut-off switch.Struck ditch on landing and crashed.Written off.Crashed offshore.On finals (at 600 feet) the right engine failed. Although he added some power on the remaining engine, the pilot couldn't control the yaw to the right. The gear collapsed during the forced landing in a field. A fire consumed the aircraft.A Boeing 707-329C cargo plane, OO-SJH, was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Douala Airport (DLA), Cameroon.A Boeing 707-329C cargo plane, OO-SJH, was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Douala Airport (DLA), Cameroon.The DC-3 aircraft was stolen by a mechanic and flown towards Mexico. It was used in drug running and flown to a location near La Macarena, Meta, Colombia were it was set on fire by the crew after landing and unloading of marijuana.Crashed.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Switzerland. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The aircraft was on a certification test flight to determine the horizontal distance required to land and bring the aircraft to a full stop as required by 14 CFR 25.125 when the accident occurred. The DC-9-80 touched down about 2,298 feet beyond the runway threshold. The descent rate at touchdown exceeded the aircraft's structural limitations; the empennage separated from the aircraft and fell to the runway. The aircraft came to rest about 5,634 feet beyond the landing threshold of runway 22 and was damaged substantially.A Gates Learjet 23, N866JS, was being operated on a flight from Richmond, VA (RIC) to Louisville, KY (SDF), continuing to Gainesville, FL (GNV), and returning to Richmond. The pilot, received the appropriate weather briefings and filed three instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plans. The aircraft departed Richmond at 21:28 with two pilots aboard. The flight to Louisville was uneventful, as was the subsequent flight to Gainesville with six passengers aboard. The aircraft departed Gainesville at 01:52 with only the two pilots aboard. One hijacker demanded to be taken to Iran. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The Metro III prototype aircraft departed San Antonio (SAT) on a routine test flight to evaluate a prototype propeller design. The gear were retracted after lift-off, but the right main showed 'unsafe'. A visual check by the co-pilot showed that the gear was up and doors were closed tight. After completing the planned tests, aircraft returned and began the approach, but the right main failed to extend. Several hours were spent burning off excess fuel and trying all means to get the gear down without success. It was finally decided to land with all gear up and both props feathered to minimize damage.Believed damaged beyond repair.In-flight fire; crashed.Crashed on approach.The aircraft was approaching runway 21R at an altitude of 1500 feet when it entered a severe thunderstorm. The HS-748 was caught in a downdraft, struck the ground slightly banked to the right, slid for 510 feet and broke up.Dan-Air flight 1008 took off from Manchester Airport (MAN) at 09:22 UTC en route for Tenerife-Norte Los Rodeos Airport (TFN). After an uneventful flight, the crew contacted Tenerife North Airport Approach Control at 13:14, informing them that they were at FL110 and at 14 nautical miles from the TFN VOR/DME. Approach Control replied, "Dan Air one zero zero eight, cleared to the Foxtrot Papa beacon via Tango Foxtrot November, flight level one one zero expect runway one two, no delay." The Dan Air crew repeated the clearance and requested meteorological information, which was given as: "OK runway in use one two, the wind one two zero zero five, visibility six from seven kilometres clouds, two oktas at one two zero metres, plus four oktas at two five zero metres, plus two oktas at three five zero metres, November Hotel one zero three, temperature one six, dew point one, and drizzle." Approximately one minute later Approach Control told the aircraft to descend and maintain FL60. Receipt of this message was acknowledged by the aircraft, whereupon the controller immediately requested it to indicate its distance from the TFN beacon. The crew replied that it was at 7 NM from TFN.Destroyed after collision with USMC RH-53D Sea Stallion (158761) helicopter during a US hostage rescue operation.While descending, the right-hand rear door detached, struck the horizontal tail plane and became lodged on the leading edge. Control was lost, and the aircraft entered a steep dive. During the dive, the wings and tail plane failed due to overstressing.Control was lost shortly after lift-off. The aircraft crashed.Control was lost shortly after lift-off. The aircraft crashed.Emergency landing with one prop feathered. Because of another aircraft obstruction the runway, the DC-3 had to overshoot. The aircraft ditched into a lake while repositioning to land in the opposite direction.The aircraft climbed to 245 feet after takeoff until it encountered an area of heavy rainfall. The speed dropped and the aircraft descended into the ground tail-first.The HS-125 corporate jet operated on a round trip from Denver, Colorado, USA to France. The return flight landed at Malaga, Spain, at Luton, Great Britain and Edinburgh, Scotland before continuing to Reykjavik, Iceland. The next leg was from Reykjavik to Damaged beyond repair; date Feb 1981 also quoted.The An-24 passenger plane was unable to gain altitude on takeoff. It hit a concrete wall, crossed a highway collided with buildings and caught fire. The passengers and crew were injured.The US Navy P-3 Orion was taking part in Samoa's Flag Day celebration. The airplane was dropping skydivers near the reviewing area. During the second run the airplane clipped a mile-long tramway line running across Pago Pago Harbor to Mount Alava. Part of the wing separated and the airplane crashed into an area in front of the two-storey Rainmaker Hotel.An Antonov 24 passenger plane, operated by Aeroflot's Krasnoyarsk Division, was damaged beyond repair in an emergency landing accident at Krasnoyarsk Airport (KJA), Russia. Two passengers were killed. One hijacker. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The An-2 was damaged beyond repair following an extremely hard landing on skis. Both main wheel studs broke off and penetrate the wings and fuselage.The Boeing was off course during an instrument approach to Florianopolis and struck a hill. The aircraft was flown by an inspector pilot on a training mission. A severe thunderstorm was active in the area.Lost control at FL412 after encountering clear air turbulence and crashed in a steep high speed descent.Douglas C-47 N64490 had been parked at Athol for 11 months and was to perform a first test flight following inspection. After takeoff from runway 21, one of the engines failed. This caused the DC-3 to bank to the left and crash into trees approx. 800 m past the end of the runway. The reason for the engine failure is unknown, but the pilot should have aborted the takeoff.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair after rolling off runway.The An-2 force landed in a forest when the engine began to lose power shortly after takeoff.A non-scheduled stall was conducted after the scheduled test and AOA increased past maximum of 34deg. Control was lost and the spin chute was deployed. The chute could not be jettisoned and the crew members bailed out. The pilot's chute failed to deploy.The aircraft sank back on the runway with the gear retracted, after attaining a height of 100 feet. The Boeing slid for 2000 feet before coming to a halt off the right side of the runway. After lift-off, all 4 engines had lost power.The Antonov was damaged at the AAPO factory airfield at Arsenyev after running into trees at the edge of the airfield when its brakes failed during taxiing.Overran runway on landing. Presumably damaged beyond repair.Stalled and crashed.Damaged beyond repair.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, N456L, owned and operated by Lufkin Industries, crashed and burned in an open field near Parker, Colorado. Crashed.Crashed during IFR approach.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Turkey. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed and burned near Changsha Airport (CSX). The airplane carried out a flight from Kunming to Changsha via Guiyang.On base turn to runway 07, with one propeller feathered, the aircraft descended fast. Attempts to relit the engine failed, and the DC-3 struck the roof of a house and crashed in the compound of another house.Damaged beyond repair in hangar fire.The DC-9 touched down in rain with a tailwind (240deg at 18 kts), 2000 feet down runway 13 which is 5800 feet long. The pilot was not able to bring the airplane to a stop on the runway so it overran through a ditch. The DC-9 came to rest 350 feet past the runway end and 200 feet to the right of the extended centreline. Runway 13/31 was restricted to aircraft below 25,000 lb when wet with a zero tailwind or 10 knots crosswind. The DC-9 had a weight of 71,000 lb.When approaching Warsaw after a flight from New York, the crew initiated an overshoot procedure due to problems with the locking of the landing gear.When approaching Warsaw after a flight from New York, the crew initiated an overshoot procedure due to problems with the locking of the landing gear.When approaching Warsaw after a flight from New York, the crew initiated an overshoot procedure due to problems with the locking of the landing gear.One hijacker demanded to make a political statement. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed.Crashed into houses on a high ground. The Learjet was approaching Port-au-Prince Airport.Shot down by a Pakistani Shenyang F-6 fighter.The BN-2A Islander landed short of the runway at Rabaul-Lakunai Airfield. The undercarriage separated and the aircraft sustained substantial damage.While en-route to Nizhneangarsk, the weather rapidly became worse and the airport was closed. The crew elected to change course to Ust'-Barguzin. During the descent the crew intentionally misinformed ATC that they could see the ground. Shortly afterwards the aircraft struck the slope of a mountain at the east coast of the lake Baykal (Svyatoi Nos peninsula) at height of 1300 m about 30 km from the airfield.The BN-2A Islander crashed into a cliff above a forest, 12 km NW of Hualien, Taiwan, during Typhoon Ike while on a flight from Taitung to Taipei via Hualien.The BN-2A Islander crashed into a cliff above a forest, 12 km NW of Hualien, Taiwan, during Typhoon Ike while on a flight from Taitung to Taipei via Hualien.The Tu-154 suffered a runway excursion after landing on a wet runway. The fuselage broke in two and 3 out of 111 passengers were injured.Crashed into hill.Aquaplaned after touchdown at 148 knots. The Boeing struck runway edge lights, causing the right main gear to collapse.The F-27 overran the runway after aborting the takeoff at 90 knots (V1=96 kts) during a touch-and-go.The Learjet was reported damaged in an accident on the ground at an unknown location.Both engines failed, so the pilot ditched the Islander in international waters off Nassau.The Falcon 20C corporate jet was destroyed when it crashed in bad weather while on approach to the Bamako Airport (BKO), Mali. Three crew members died in the accident. The Algerian Foreign Minister Mohamed Seddick Benyahia survived the accident. He was on his way to Freetown, Sierra Leone for a conference on the war in the western Sahara.Crashed.Destroyed in fire during servicing.Crashed into a mountain, killing Ecuador President Jaime Roldós Aguilera.4 hijackers demanded money and the release of prisoners. Hijackers taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. A DHC-6 Twin Otter plane, operated by TAME Ecuador and registered HC-BAX/FAE-457, was destroyed when it crashed into the side of a mountain. All 18 on board were killed.Crashed into a forest.The crew had to return to the airport due to a no. 2 engine failure. The prop was feathered and a circuit was flown with flaps and gear down.The aircraft bounced on landing, causing the landing gear to collapse. Damaged beyond repair. The aircraft is still on the US register after being sold to Ben Lemond Inc. It is not known if the plane has been restored to flying condition.Crashed.Crashed.EC-135N aircraft 61-0328, call sign AGAR 23, was scheduled for an Advanced Range Instrumented Aircraft (ARIA) training mission out of Wright-Patterson AFB. The mission was designed provide training for the navigator and primary mission electronic equipment (PMEE) operators. On board the aircraft were 17 crewmembers and four authorized passengers. AGAR 23 departed at 10:05 and climbed to FL290, which was reached at 10:30. The aircraft commander occupied the right pilot seat and a passenger, his wife, occupied the left pilot seat.Flight AU901 departed Tucumán at 09:11 for a flight to Buenos Aires. The flight was uneventful and at 10:35 the Tower controller cleared the flight to descend to 750 metres to the San Fernando VOR and cleared the flight for a direct approach to runway 13 from the VOR. At 10:40 the flight reported over the OP VOR and was cleared to land. The wind had shifted from 6 knots at 60 degrees to 12 knots at 030 degrees. Visibility was reducing. At 10:42 the crew reported the runway in sight and obtained the current weather information, which included heavy rainfall, wind 360 degrees at 10 knots. The pilots lost sight of the runway and decided to abort the approach. The One-Eleven continued South to the Quilmes (ILM) NDB. The Tower controller cleared the flight to hold over the ILM beacon at 900 metres. Because of Cumulonimbus clouds over the NDB, the crew requested a holding pattern over the Río de la Plata at 600 metres. At 10:52 they were cleared for another straight in approach to runway 31. Shortly afterwards the pilots lost control of the plane, which crashed into the river. Just 55-65% of the wreckage was recovered; both FDR and CVR were not found after 42 days of searching.Crashed.The An-2 biplane crashed during an unauthorised flight during crop-spraying operations for the sovkhoz (state farm) "Runo" in the Novopokrovskaya district of the Krasnodar region when the pilot flew lost control in a steep left turn at a height of some 20-25 metres. The airplane crashed in a forest belt.While descending towards London-Heathrow, a former Trappist monk went into the toilet and doused himself in petrol. The 55-year-old Australian named Laurence James Downey hijacked the aircraft, which diverted to Le Touquet in France.Crashed into trees on finals to runway 29 in poor weather at night. Incorrect altimeter setting.The aircraft crashed into a mountain at 8867 feet. The cloud base was at 10000 feet.The Tupolev 154A operated on a flight from Simferopol to Novosibirsk with en route stops at Sochi and Orenburg.Crashed in a mountainous area. The airplane carried army officers with family members on an excursion to Poptun.The 707 undershot the runway on landing and caught fire.Crashed.Stalled during attempt to avoid a cyclist or pedestrian on the runway during takeoff run. The aircraft came down rightwing low and burst into flames.A Beechcraft 200 Super King Air aircraft, registered VH-AA V, collided with the western sea wall enclosing the extension of runway 16/34, abeam the runway 34 threshold, at Sydney-Kingsford Smith International Airport, NSW (SYD). The aircraft broke apart on impact and there was an explosive fire. The pilot and all twelve passengers were killed.About 45 minutes after takeoff from Port-au-Prince the Convair tried to return due to engine problems. An emergency landing was made with the left engine and wing on fire. The three occupants had disappeared by the time rescue services arrived. The aircraft was carrying marijuana.After a simulated engine failure on takeoff, the aircraft went into a spin at 250-400 feet altitude, crashed and caught fire.Flight 103 took off from Boston runway 33L at 14:08 in bad weather (800 m visibility in snow, fog and moderate to severe icing in precipitation).Shot down by a heat-seeking missile whilst approaching Menongue.Shot down by a heat-seeking missile whilst approaching Menongue.Crashed on approach. One of the passengers was René Journiac, French presidential adviser on Africa affairs. He was on his way to Libreville, Gabon.Crashed.Ground wing fire.Antonov 26 RDPL-34037 was damaged in a forced landing at Ban Mai, Thailand. The airplane was repaired and ferried back to Vientiane, Laos where it crashed on landing.Two hijackers. Hijackers taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Damaged beyond repair in ground fire.Damaged beyond repair.Takeoff attempted without releasing the parking brake the Falcon overran runway 18 came to rest in 25 feet of water about 300 feet from the departure end of the runway.Takeoff attempted without releasing the parking brake the Falcon overran runway 18 came to rest in 25 feet of water about 300 feet from the departure end of the runway.The crew made an instrument approach in VMC weather to Quito. The aircraft landed too fast (143 knots instead of 123 kts) 300 m down the runway. The Boeing, named "Santander", overran the runway by 70 m and came to rest with the nosegear collapsed.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba, Iran. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. A Fairchild FH-227B turboprop plane, operated by the Burmese Air Force, was destroyed when it crashed shortly after takeoff from Mandalay-Annisaton Airport (MDL), Burma. One passenger survived the accident, 43 people died. Officials in Burma told reporters that an engine had failed shortly after takeoff. The airplane struck the roof of a tobacco factory and crashed. A watchman of the factory was injured.The DC-3 took off from Bogotá for it's first flight in five months. After the second of three passes along runway 12, the aircraft just reached 200 feet, banked to the left and dove into the ground. The crew had just declared an emergency and feathered the no. 1 prop.The Tupolev, named 'Wladyslaw Reymont', overran runway 11 on landing and collided with dyke. The right hand wing broke off and a fire erupted.The flight departed Batagay at 11:43 despite forecast icing conditions. En route the flight encountered snow squalls while over mountainous terrain at 1500 m altitude. The airplane began to descend until it struck a cloud-shrouded mountainside at an elevation of 860 m.The Viscount ran off the runway, causing the right main gear and nosegear to collapse.The DC-3, chartered by the Hudbay Oil Co., crashed while on final approach to Pekanbaru.Ran out of fuel; forced landed at night.Radar contact lost over the Mediterranean Sea. Not found after six days of searching.Air US Flight 716 departed Denver-Stapleton, CO at 15:46 for a flight to Gillette, WY. At 15:59 Flight 716 contacted Denver Center to request to maintain FL130, which was approved. In the same area a Cessna TU206 (N4862F, operated by Sky's West Parachute Center) was climbing in a racetrack pattern over Fort Collins/Loveland Municipal Airport to an altitude of FL155. The Cessna had departed this airport at 15:30 for the second parachute jump flight of the day.One hijacker. Hijacker taken down. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The CASA flew into a hill in bad weather at 2700 feet, while being cleared to descend from 6500 feet to 4500 feet.The CASA flew into a hill in bad weather at 2700 feet, while being cleared to descend from 6500 feet to 4500 feet.The CASA flew into a hill in bad weather at 2700 feet, while being cleared to descend from 6500 feet to 4500 feet.A C-47 transport plane operating on an illegal flight to a landing strip near Llano Jarero, Mexico, crashed between the villages of Cardel and Actopan.Damaged beyond repair.Because of bad weather the aircraft diverted to Sumburgh. On approach the pilot tried to lower the landing gear but all three gear legs remained up. The aircraft overshot and circled while the pilot used the emergency manual system, but only the right-hand leg extended and locked. Further attempts to lower all gear legs were without success and the pilot made a gear-up landing. The mainTouched down beyond the runway 08 touchdown zone, overran, became airborne over a 10 m deep escarpment and struck the ground. The JetStar was on a nighttime non-precision approach without sufficient visual reference following a flight from Lagos (LOS), Nigeria via Hassi Messaoud (HME), Algeria.Touched down beyond the runway 08 touchdown zone, overran, became airborne over a 10 m deep escarpment and struck the ground. The JetStar was on a nighttime non-precision approach without sufficient visual reference following a flight from Lagos (LOS), Nigeria via Hassi Messaoud (HME), Algeria.Touched down beyond the runway 08 touchdown zone, overran, became airborne over a 10 m deep escarpment and struck the ground. The JetStar was on a nighttime non-precision approach without sufficient visual reference following a flight from Lagos (LOS), Nigeria via Hassi Messaoud (HME), Algeria.Touched down beyond the runway 08 touchdown zone, overran, became airborne over a 10 m deep escarpment and struck the ground. The JetStar was on a nighttime non-precision approach without sufficient visual reference following a flight from Lagos (LOS), Nigeria via Hassi Messaoud (HME), Algeria.Touched down beyond the runway 08 touchdown zone, overran, became airborne over a 10 m deep escarpment and struck the ground. The JetStar was on a nighttime non-precision approach without sufficient visual reference following a flight from Lagos (LOS), Nigeria via Hassi Messaoud (HME), Algeria.Touched down beyond the runway 08 touchdown zone, overran, became airborne over a 10 m deep escarpment and struck the ground. The JetStar was on a nighttime non-precision approach without sufficient visual reference following a flight from Lagos (LOS), Nigeria via Hassi Messaoud (HME), Algeria.Touched down beyond the runway 08 touchdown zone, overran, became airborne over a 10 m deep escarpment and struck the ground. The JetStar was on a nighttime non-precision approach without sufficient visual reference following a flight from Lagos (LOS), Nigeria via Hassi Messaoud (HME), Algeria.The no. 3 engine caught fire. The fire was extinguished and the prop feathered. The DC-4 then suffered control difficulties and had to be ditched as a consequence. The aircraft sank after 45 minutes.Crashed 400 m beyond the runway.Crashed 400 m beyond the runway.Crashed 400 m beyond the runway.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Italy. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Italy. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Italy. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Italy. Hijacker surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.The An-12, stationed at Fergana Airport (FEG), flew to Afghanistan via Termez (TMJ). Upon landing the airplane veered off the runway. It ran into a rocket launcher, killing the navigator.The An-12, stationed at Fergana Airport (FEG), flew to Afghanistan via Termez (TMJ). Upon landing the airplane veered off the runway. It ran into a rocket launcher, killing the navigator.Lodestar N163R was carrying seven Amateur Radio operators to the Palmyra Island atoll in the Pacific. While approaching the airstrip the pilot estimated a cross wind gusting to 15 knots. However, below tree level the wind was calm. The Lodestar swerved off the runway and collided with trees.The Antonov crashed after the separation of a propeller.The DC-3 crashed between San Luis Potosí and Salinas. Reportedly destroyed by fire.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Struck high ground in bad weather.Struck the ground at night while on final approach in marginal conditions (turbulence fog, blowing snow, and sleet).A Beechcraft A100 King Air sustained substantial damage in a forced landing accident in Houston, TX.Burned out on ground due to electrical short in the water injection tank heater wiring.Damaged beyond repair when it sank through the ice.Landed heavily; damaged beyond repair.Crashed. The airplane had just departed on a patrol mission over the Mozambique Channel.Crashed. The airplane had just departed on a patrol mission over the Mozambique Channel.The Antonov descended below the glide slope until it contacted trees and crashed. The aircraft caught fire and burned out.The Antonov descended below the glide slope until it contacted trees and crashed. The aircraft caught fire and burned out.While on a VFR training flight at 3000 feet, engine problems caused the Twin Otter to descend into trees. The aircraft an 8 feet stump causing the nose section to separate. The no. 2 engine was feathered and witnesses saw smoke coming from the no. 1 engine.While on a VFR training flight at 3000 feet, engine problems caused the Twin Otter to descend into trees. The aircraft an 8 feet stump causing the nose section to separate. The no. 2 engine was feathered and witnesses saw smoke coming from the no. 1 engine.While on a VFR training flight at 3000 feet, engine problems caused the Twin Otter to descend into trees. The aircraft an 8 feet stump causing the nose section to separate. The no. 2 engine was feathered and witnesses saw smoke coming from the no. 1 engine.While on a VFR training flight at 3000 feet, engine problems caused the Twin Otter to descend into trees. The aircraft an 8 feet stump causing the nose section to separate. The no. 2 engine was feathered and witnesses saw smoke coming from the no. 1 engine.The aircraft collided with a ship in dry dock while approaching Belem in rain and high winds. The Bandeirante subsequently struck two barges and broke in two. The front part crashed onto a tug, and the tail section sank.The aircraft collided with a ship in dry dock while approaching Belem in rain and high winds. The Bandeirante subsequently struck two barges and broke in two. The front part crashed onto a tug, and the tail section sank.At 16:44 PST Flight 336 took off from San Jose for a flight to Santa Ana. 48 Minutes later, the crew received a clearance for a visual approach to runway 19R. While Flight 336 approached, the controller cleared Air California Flight 931 for a runway 19R takeoff. When recognising the hazard, the controller ordered Flight 336 to abort the landing and go-around and Flight 931 to abort the takeoff. At 16:44 PST Flight 336 took off from San Jose for a flight to Santa Ana. 48 Minutes later, the crew received a clearance for a visual approach to runway 19R. While Flight 336 approached, the controller cleared Air California Flight 931 for a runway 19R takeoff. When recognising the hazard, the controller ordered Flight 336 to abort the landing and go-around and Flight 931 to abort the takeoff. Crashed into Alumbre Mountain (10.300 feet) at Valle de Uspallata.Crashed into Alumbre Mountain (10.300 feet) at Valle de Uspallata.Crashed into Alumbre Mountain (10.300 feet) at Valle de Uspallata.Crashed into Alumbre Mountain (10.300 feet) at Valle de Uspallata.Reportedly damaged beyond repair. The hulk was moved to La Paz.Reportedly damaged beyond repair. The hulk was moved to La Paz.Immediately after takeoff the aircraft banked right at an altitude of about 50 m, crashed inverted and caught fire. Some high-ranking navy officials were aboard, returning to Vladivostok after an exercise in Leningrad (now St. Petersburg).Two hijackers demanded to be taken out of the country. Hijackers surrendered. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Flight EA929 had taken off from New York-JFK on a flight to San Juan, Puerto Rico when a 26-yea old male passenger told a flight attendant that he had a bomb and would detonate it unless the plane changed course for Cuba. He said he was fleeing for the Mafia and the New York police.Crashed.Crashed.The aircraft caught fire during refurbishing and remodification works.The aircraft caught fire during refurbishing and remodification works.The aircraft caught fire during refurbishing and remodification works.The aircraft caught fire during refurbishing and remodification works.The aircraft caught fire during refurbishing and remodification works.The aircraft caught fire during refurbishing and remodification works.Right main gear collapsed at the end of the landing roll.Right main gear collapsed at the end of the landing roll.4 hijackers demanded to be taken to 'the west'. Plane stormed/hijackers arrested. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The DC-3 was operating a flight from Bombay to Karad. On arrival Karad, the pilot, intending to touch down at about 50 ft from beginning of runway 10, made a tight right-hand circuit and a low approach. The aircraft descended too low and hit a Babul tree outside the airport. The captain, however, could control the aircraft and landed on the runway. The aircraft sustained substantial damage. All the occupants escaped unhurt. There was no fire.Crashed.Crashed.Crashed.After the plane arrived at La Aurora with one engine shut down and one of the electrical generators malfunctioning, the crew decided to ferry the aircraft to Honduras for repairs. The passengers deplaned and the Electra took off for a three-engined ferry flight.The Boeing 720 was approaching Quetta (UET) when the nose landing gear failed to extend. The crew decided to return to Karachi where they carried out a nose gear-up landing.Flight IR-123 was a scheduled international cargo flight from Kabul, Afghanistan to Tehran, Iran. The co-pilot was in the left-hand seat and pilot flying at the commencement of the takeoff run. The aircraft was cleared for takeoff on runway 29 at 13:13. When accelerating for takeoff the pilot-in-command noticed that the propeller of the no. 1 engine was overspeeding and surging as high as 3300 rpm. As the aircraft approached an indicated airspeed of about 80 kts the captain took command. He noticed that the aircraft was headed to the left away from the runway centreline towards three runway lights in a concrete footing at the left edge of the runway. To avoid a possible collision with these lights the captain applied elevator control and lifted the aircraft off the runway. The overspeeding propeller condition did not subside although he followed the procedure prescribed in the operations manual for corrective action. The flight path was about 30 to 45° to the left of the runway and in the general direction of the Kabul Airport terminal building so the captain attempted to turn the aircraft further to the left to avoid collision with the building. About 325 ft from the south edge of runway 29 the left wing contacted the ground and the aircraft crashed.Flight IR-123 was a scheduled international cargo flight from Kabul, Afghanistan to Tehran, Iran. The co-pilot was in the left-hand seat and pilot flying at the commencement of the takeoff run. The aircraft was cleared for takeoff on runway 29 at 13:13. When accelerating for takeoff the pilot-in-command noticed that the propeller of the no. 1 engine was overspeeding and surging as high as 3300 rpm. As the aircraft approached an indicated airspeed of about 80 kts the captain took command. He noticed that the aircraft was headed to the left away from the runway centreline towards three runway lights in a concrete footing at the left edge of the runway. To avoid a possible collision with these lights the captain applied elevator control and lifted the aircraft off the runway. The overspeeding propeller condition did not subside although he followed the procedure prescribed in the operations manual for corrective action. The flight path was about 30 to 45° to the left of the runway and in the general direction of the Kabul Airport terminal building so the captain attempted to turn the aircraft further to the left to avoid collision with the building. About 325 ft from the south edge of runway 29 the left wing contacted the ground and the aircraft crashed.Flight IR-123 was a scheduled international cargo flight from Kabul, Afghanistan to Tehran, Iran. The co-pilot was in the left-hand seat and pilot flying at the commencement of the takeoff run. The aircraft was cleared for takeoff on runway 29 at 13:13. When accelerating for takeoff the pilot-in-command noticed that the propeller of the no. 1 engine was overspeeding and surging as high as 3300 rpm. As the aircraft approached an indicated airspeed of about 80 kts the captain took command. He noticed that the aircraft was headed to the left away from the runway centreline towards three runway lights in a concrete footing at the left edge of the runway. To avoid a possible collision with these lights the captain applied elevator control and lifted the aircraft off the runway. The overspeeding propeller condition did not subside although he followed the procedure prescribed in the operations manual for corrective action. The flight path was about 30 to 45° to the left of the runway and in the general direction of the Kabul Airport terminal building so the captain attempted to turn the aircraft further to the left to avoid collision with the building. About 325 ft from the south edge of runway 29 the left wing contacted the ground and the aircraft crashed.Flight IR-123 was a scheduled international cargo flight from Kabul, Afghanistan to Tehran, Iran. The co-pilot was in the left-hand seat and pilot flying at the commencement of the takeoff run. The aircraft was cleared for takeoff on runway 29 at 13:13. When accelerating for takeoff the pilot-in-command noticed that the propeller of the no. 1 engine was overspeeding and surging as high as 3300 rpm. As the aircraft approached an indicated airspeed of about 80 kts the captain took command. He noticed that the aircraft was headed to the left away from the runway centreline towards three runway lights in a concrete footing at the left edge of the runway. To avoid a possible collision with these lights the captain applied elevator control and lifted the aircraft off the runway. The overspeeding propeller condition did not subside although he followed the procedure prescribed in the operations manual for corrective action. The flight path was about 30 to 45° to the left of the runway and in the general direction of the Kabul Airport terminal building so the captain attempted to turn the aircraft further to the left to avoid collision with the building. About 325 ft from the south edge of runway 29 the left wing contacted the ground and the aircraft crashed.Flight IR-123 was a scheduled international cargo flight from Kabul, Afghanistan to Tehran, Iran. The co-pilot was in the left-hand seat and pilot flying at the commencement of the takeoff run. The aircraft was cleared for takeoff on runway 29 at 13:13. When accelerating for takeoff the pilot-in-command noticed that the propeller of the no. 1 engine was overspeeding and surging as high as 3300 rpm. As the aircraft approached an indicated airspeed of about 80 kts the captain took command. He noticed that the aircraft was headed to the left away from the runway centreline towards three runway lights in a concrete footing at the left edge of the runway. To avoid a possible collision with these lights the captain applied elevator control and lifted the aircraft off the runway. The overspeeding propeller condition did not subside although he followed the procedure prescribed in the operations manual for corrective action. The flight path was about 30 to 45° to the left of the runway and in the general direction of the Kabul Airport terminal building so the captain attempted to turn the aircraft further to the left to avoid collision with the building. About 325 ft from the south edge of runway 29 the left wing contacted the ground and the aircraft crashed.Destroyed on the ground by an Argentinean Air Force air attack to Punta Indio Naval Base during the conflict between the "Azules" and "Colorados".The aircraft was on a training flight when the instructor shut down the no. 2 engine. Flying at low altitude over the runway the DC-3 drifted to the right. This was corrected by the instructor by using rudder control, but the plane attained a dangerous attitude. Power was cut and the aircraft was crash-landed.The aircraft was on a training flight when the instructor shut down the no. 2 engine. Flying at low altitude over the runway the DC-3 drifted to the right. This was corrected by the instructor by using rudder control, but the plane attained a dangerous attitude. Power was cut and the aircraft was crash-landed.The aircraft struck water while on an instrument approach in low clouds.The Marathon overran the runway, crossed over the seawall, and ended up in the mud. Weather was poor including high winds and heavy rainfall.The Marathon overran the runway, crossed over the seawall, and ended up in the mud. Weather was poor including high winds and heavy rainfall.The Marathon overran the runway, crossed over the seawall, and ended up in the mud. Weather was poor including high winds and heavy rainfall.The DC-6 aircraft was on a scheduled flight from Saigon to Paris, France and had left Karachi for Cairo on 19 February at 17:15 UTC. The captain, a company DC-6B check pilot, occupied the right-hand seat during the flight leg between Karachi and Cairo, and the co-pilot, the left-hand seat. He was being checked on this flight as a DC-6B trainee-captain.Destroyed on the ground.The Il-12 operated on a flight from Moscow to Sochi with an en route stop at Krasnodar. The aircraft was descending over the Black Sea towards Sochi when it was hit by a lightning strike at an altitude of 900 metres. The left rear fuel tank exploded and a fire erupted. Control was lost and the airplane crashed into the Black Sea off Tuapse.A USAF Curtiss C-46D transport plane, 44-78505 (msn 44-78505), crashed at Chungju (K-41) Air Base in South Korea. The airplane struck and damaged two other C-46 aircraft, 44-78270 (msn 33666) and 44-78462 (msn 22285).Crashed into furniture factory in the Romainville suburb of Paris. The crew had just shut down an engine during a training flight.Lost at sea near Cyprus when on a delivery flight to Indo China.The Douglas DC-3 cargo plane departed Brownsville, Texas for Ciudad Del Carmen in Mexico to fly fresh seafood back to the U.S.The Douglas DC-3 cargo plane departed Brownsville, Texas for Ciudad Del Carmen in Mexico to fly fresh seafood back to the U.S.DC-4 NC37478 arrived at Chicago's Municipal Airport at 21:06. The airplane was prepared for the return flight to Miami and finally departed from the ramp at 22:45. Takeoff on the right north-south runway was started at 22:57. The takeoff roll and the first part of the climb appeared to be normal until it had reached an altitude between 150 and 200 feet. Then it assumed a very steep, near vertical, climbing attitude. At 500-800 feet the airplane appeared to stall, and the nose and right wing dropped. A partial recovery from the stall was made before the aircraft crashed to the ground and burst into flames.The nosewheel struck a snowdrift on takeoff. The damage prevented the nosegear from being raised. The flight continued to Dallas-Love Field where a safe landing was carried out. Reportedly damaged beyond repair as a result of this mishap.Miles Marathon G-AGPD took off from Boscombe Down at 13:02 for a fly past and some propeller feathering tests. The pilots had to hold near Boscombe Down until about 13:26 when their time came to perform a flypast. At 13:29 they radioed that they were about to crash. It appeared that a structural failure of the tail had occurred. The aircraft lost height and crashed into trees.The Dakota was parked at RAF North Luffenham when it was hit by another RAF Dakota, KK198.The DC-3 departed from Denver, Colorado, at 16:02 for Grand Junction, Colorado. Over the route to Grand Junction a check was to be made by the crew of the VHF (Very High Frequency) airway facilities to determine whether they were operating normally. Twenty-two minutes after departure the crew reported at an altitude of 14,500 feet, 500 feet over the top of clouds. The flight also reported that they were experiencing severe turbulence. A few minutes later the DC-3 struck the north northeast side of Navajo Peak approximately 500 feet below the summit, and at an elevation of 12,900 feet (3930 m) above sea level.Crashed in valley during thunderstorm.Written off.A Douglas C-47 transport plane, operated by the Colombian Air Force, was damaged beyond repair in an accident following a mid air collision near Madrid Air Base, Colombia.Because of the 1948-1949 Arab-Israeli conflict the USA had enforced an arms embargo on a.o. Israel. Thus, the Panamanian airline LAPSA (Lineas Aéreas de Panama) was used as a cover for the acquisition of ten C-46 and three L-049 Constellations, by Israeli agents in the USA during late 1947/early 1948. Destroyed by fire when three Egyptian Spitfires attacked at the plane Ramat-David Air Base, Israel.Low clouds at the destination of Magadan Airport forced the crew to divert to Seymchan. En route the airplane impacted the western slope of the Marchekanskaya sopka mountain (707 metres high) some 70 metres below the summit.Destroyed during an Egyptian air raid, along with three Spitfires.The engine caught fire in-flight. The aircraft was not repaired and withdrawn from use.The aircraft departed Valence for Bovingdon at 22:32 (May 19), carrying a cargo of fruit. The DC-3 arrived near Bovingdon and the crew carried out a circuit beneath a low cloud base. During the circuit, the aircraft flew into trees and crashed.Crashed on takeoff.The aircraft was on the Durban-Johannesburg leg of a flight to London when it crashed into Spitzkop mountain in the Witkoppens Mountains. The aircraft, named "City of Durban", was 8 miles off track in bad weather.Overturned on landing. One wing separated.Overturned on landing. One wing separated.Overturned on landing. One wing separated.Lost at sea on a flight from San Juan, Puerto Rico.Lost at sea on a flight from San Juan, Puerto Rico.Missing over the Atlantic. The search for the missing plane was abandoned on May 10, 1948.Missing over the Atlantic. The search for the missing plane was abandoned on May 10, 1948.Two hijackers demanded to be taken to the US Zone of Germany. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Ditched off Tsingtao MCAF. The airplane was attached to VMR-153 at the time.The DC-3 was fired upon by riflemen shortly after takeoff from San José. Several bullets went through the fuselage, a tire was blown out and propeller blade was hit. The plane continued safely to its destination. A Communist leader was aboard the flight and may have been the target of this attack.The DC-3 was fired upon by riflemen shortly after takeoff from San José. Several bullets went through the fuselage, a tire was blown out and propeller blade was hit. The plane continued safely to its destination. A Communist leader was aboard the flight and may have been the target of this attack.The Li-2 operated on a flight from Kirensk to Bodaybo in adverse weather when the crew left the prescribed flight path and followed the course of the Vitim River below the cloud cover, some 100 metres lower than the elevation of the surrounding mountains. The aircraft encountered heavy turbulence and eventually went out of control in a snow flurry with extreme turbulence and crashed into the ice of the Vitim River.Destroyed by fire.Lockheed P2V-2 Neptune 39325 was returning from a round trip navigation flight from Quonset Point to Bermuda. At an altitude of 12,000 feet on about 110 miles from Quonset Point, the starboard engine manifold pressure dropped from 30" to 25". This drop was followed immediately by engine oil pressure dropping gradually to zero. Fuel flow meter also dropped 200 lbs. About a minute later the port engine went through the same apparent sequence of events except for initial drop manifold pressure. Gradual loss of power was noted on both engines. Extreme vibration occurred in both engines. The pilot shut down the engines and feathered both propellers and had crew standby for ditching. The aircraft glided towards a tanker, SS Washington, from 11,000 feet at 120 kts. The ditching was carried out into the wind at indicated air speed of 55kts, utilizing no flaps, but using full nose up elevator. Only one impact was felt and nose dug in momentarily. The pilots went out through the overhead escape hatches and rest of crew went through astro-hatch. Hatches had been jettisoned on the way down.The Li-2 swerved off the right side of the runway on takeoff. Some 30 seconds later the wing hit a telegraph line and the aircraft collided with the pole of a high-voltage power-line.The Li-2 swerved off the right side of the runway on takeoff. Some 30 seconds later the wing hit a telegraph line and the aircraft collided with the pole of a high-voltage power-line.The C-47 departed in adverse weather conditions while on a rescue mission for a Lisunov Li-2 (CCCP-L4279) aircraft that had force landed near Tynda.Crashed on landing.Crashed on landing.The pilot lost control when an engine failed on takeoff; crashed on an island in the Markham River. Only the pilot was provided with a seat and seatbelt as the airplane was operated in freighter configuration.The Bristol 170 crewmembers climbed straight ahead instead of making a procedure turn to the left following takeoff. The aircraft crashed into a mountain at 2500-3000 feet altitude.The Bristol 170 crewmembers climbed straight ahead instead of making a procedure turn to the left following takeoff. The aircraft crashed into a mountain at 2500-3000 feet altitude.The aircraft was prepared for a 3-engined ferry flight without passengers, because the no. 1 engine failed to start due to electric engine starter problems. During the takeoff roll smoke was seen coming from the nosewheel. Despite attempts from the control tower to warn the crew, they continued the takeoff. The DC-4 left the runway at 530yds from the beginning of its run. It crossed another runway, jumped a ditch with the engines at full power until it finally struck the BOAC engineering store.A Douglas C-47 cargo plane went missing 26 minutes after takeoff from Maracaibo, Venezuela. The aircraft was heading to Cartagena, Colombia. On board were three crew members and manager of SCOLTA, Hernando Navarro Botero.RAF Dakota KN382 was parked at Oakington RAF Station when its brakes failed. It started to roll and ran into another Dakota, KN416. Both aircraft were damaged beyond repair as a result.RAF Dakota KN382 was parked at Oakington RAF Station when its brakes failed. It started to roll and ran into another Dakota, KN416. Both aircraft were damaged beyond repair as a result.17 hijackers demanded to be taken to the US Zone of Germany. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed into a mountain.Crashed into a mangrove thicket shortly after takeoff.Crashed.En route to Maui a fire developed in the no. 2 engine. Delayed use of the CO2 extinguishing bottles caused the fire to get beyond the firewall, deteriorating the main spar. When the landing gear was lowered, the engine tore loose and the wing failed, causing the aircraft to crash and burn. The no. 2 engine fire had been caused by a no. 8 cylinder failure, followed by an oil fire.En route to Maui a fire developed in the no. 2 engine. Delayed use of the CO2 extinguishing bottles caused the fire to get beyond the firewall, deteriorating the main spar. When the landing gear was lowered, the engine tore loose and the wing failed, causing the aircraft to crash and burn. The no. 2 engine fire had been caused by a no. 8 cylinder failure, followed by an oil fire.Crash-landed during the Berlin Airlift.A U.S. Air Force Douglas C-54 (42-72614) was stranded at Isachsen Airstrip, NWT and needed repairs. A C-82 was used to fly in the necessary parts and supplies. Cargo was loaded up to a gross weight of 50.000 pounds. The takeoff was to be made with a slight tail wind since the C-54 lay disabled at one end of the runway. A takeoff towards the C-54 was not deemed safe. A further difficulty would be the runway length and condition. The 2700 feet (usable length) earth runway was covered with 4-6 inches of finely powdered snow. The runway was 90 feet wide, flanked with 2 to 5 feet snowbanks.A U.S. Air Force Douglas C-54 (42-72614) was stranded at Isachsen Airstrip, NWT and needed repairs. A C-82 was used to fly in the necessary parts and supplies. Cargo was loaded up to a gross weight of 50.000 pounds. The takeoff was to be made with a slight tail wind since the C-54 lay disabled at one end of the runway. A takeoff towards the C-54 was not deemed safe. A further difficulty would be the runway length and condition. The 2700 feet (usable length) earth runway was covered with 4-6 inches of finely powdered snow. The runway was 90 feet wide, flanked with 2 to 5 feet snowbanks.Crashed.Water loop in landing in Detroit River.The Il-12 operated on a flight from Moscow to Krasnoyarsk with en route stops at Omsk to Novosibirsk. While approaching Novosibirsk, it entered a heavy thunderstorm. The first officer and the radio operator were disabled by a lightning strike. The captain tried to leave the cloud but entered a zone of heavy rainfall with hail and squall with a  visibility of 100-200 metres and seemed to have lost control during the descent. The aircraft crashed into a mound 12 km from the airport and caught fire.Crashed on takeoff.A forced landing was carried out in a field after experiencing some serious control problems.Impacted the side of a volcano at 13000 feet.The Bristol 170 aircraft was operated by the Bristol company to perform some tests to obtain engine and propeller data under specific climbing conditions. The aircraft departed Filton at 10:03. At 11:10 the commander of a surfaced submarine saw the aircraft crash into the sea. A large object, thought to be part of the wing was seen fluttering down separately.The Bristol 170 aircraft was operated by the Bristol company to perform some tests to obtain engine and propeller data under specific climbing conditions. The aircraft departed Filton at 10:03. At 11:10 the commander of a surfaced submarine saw the aircraft crash into the sea. A large object, thought to be part of the wing was seen fluttering down separately.Crashed into a lake.The plane was taking home the Turin soccer team after a match in Lisbon. The Fiat plane took off at 09:52 and made a refueling stop at Barcelona at 13:15. Weather in the Turin area was bad; visibility at the airport was 1200 m with a cloud base at 400 m. In the area of the 675 m high Superga Hill, visibility was just 40 m. The crew reported over Savona at 2000 m. They were then forced to descend to be able to fly visually. While descending for Turin the aircraft crashed into a church on top of Superga Hill.Takeoff was attempted with a 21 mph tailwind. At about 800 feet into the takeoff the aircraft swerved to the left and ran off the side of the runway. The left wing struck a hangar and the right wing struck a movie screen.Flew into the side of a mountain at a height of 1300 m during descent. The airplane was flying over 100 km off course. The crew had failed to establish its position during the flight and began a descent without visual contact with the ground.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Greece. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The airplane sustained extensive damage during a landing accident at Athens-Hassani Airport (ATH), Greece.The aircraft overturned on landing in poor visibility.The aircraft overturned on landing in poor visibility.The C-47 suffered a loss of engine power on takeoff, causing the airplane to veer into an aviation school's barracks. Three men were injured, one fatally.The DC-3, operated by New Tribes Mission, departed Miami at 10:45 for Kingston, Jamaica and Maracaibo, Venezuela. It arrived at Kingston at 15:12 and departed at 15:45 on an IFR plan of four hours to cruise at 9,500 feet direct to Maracaibo. At 18:52 the flight advised Balboa that it was "over the coast line at 5,000 feet and descending VFR." This was the last message received from the aircraft which never arrived at Maracaibo. An intensive search from the air was made without success until about June 28, when it was discontinued. However the New Tribes Mission continued the air search using a Stinson aircraft out of Maracaibo. Their search from this point was unsuccessful and on July 5 their base of operations was moved from Maracaibo to Fonseca, Colombia. At this point it was learned from natives of an outlying Indian village that a plane had been seen on the evening of June 9 headed in a southerly direction. On July 6 the Mission search plane sighted wreckage near the top of a mountain at an elevation of 4,400 feet approximately 42 miles west of the direct Kingston-Maracaibo course. The rescue party found out that the plane had hit a tree about 15 feet above the ground on the very top of a mountain in the Serrania de Valledupar Range, shearing off the left wing at the joint next to the engine. Ten feet further the right wing as sheared off at the joint next to the engine. The plane then crashed inverted and caught fire.The aircraft was being refueled when a spark from a starter trolley caused a fire.The aircraft was being refueled when a spark from a starter trolley caused a fire.Crashed and burnt during emergency landing.Crashed and burnt during emergency landing.The Regina Cargo Airlines flight originated at Teterboro for Detroit via Fort Mayne. A VFR plan was filed prior to takeoff. The aircraft had been fueled to a total of 1171 gallons, and the cargo consisted of 631 individual packages totaling 13,666 pounds. Upon departure, the aircrafts gross weight was 50,076 pounds as against the maximum allowable gross weight of 45,000 pounds. At 17:27 the aircraft was cleared to runway 19 for takeoff. The engines were run up to a manifold pressure of 15 inches of mercury and ignition was checked on both magnetos of each engine. Takeoff was then started and the manifold pressure was increased to 52 inches of mercury. Puffs of black smoke eminated from the left engine immediately after the takeoff. At an altitude estimated as 200-300 feet, the left engine started to misfire. The landing gear had been raised and was checked for position. The left engine continued misfiring and shortly became worse. The left propeller as feathered. Ahead, the terrain as flat, unobstructed and marshy. Full power was maintained on the right engine and a left turn was started as if to return to the airport. At this point the altitude was estimated to be 400-500 feet. During the turn the air speed fell to 85-90 mph and the aircraft settled. This turning and settling continued until the aircraft neared the ground, when it was leveled laterally. It struck while about level, both laterally and longitudinally, and slid along the ground in a generally northeasterly direction for some 620 feet where it struck some large trees and turned to the left about 180 degrees. Both captain and copilot were thrown clear of the wreckage.The Regina Cargo Airlines flight originated at Teterboro for Detroit via Fort Mayne. A VFR plan was filed prior to takeoff. The aircraft had been fueled to a total of 1171 gallons, and the cargo consisted of 631 individual packages totaling 13,666 pounds. Upon departure, the aircrafts gross weight was 50,076 pounds as against the maximum allowable gross weight of 45,000 pounds. At 17:27 the aircraft was cleared to runway 19 for takeoff. The engines were run up to a manifold pressure of 15 inches of mercury and ignition was checked on both magnetos of each engine. Takeoff was then started and the manifold pressure was increased to 52 inches of mercury. Puffs of black smoke eminated from the left engine immediately after the takeoff. At an altitude estimated as 200-300 feet, the left engine started to misfire. The landing gear had been raised and was checked for position. The left engine continued misfiring and shortly became worse. The left propeller as feathered. Ahead, the terrain as flat, unobstructed and marshy. Full power was maintained on the right engine and a left turn was started as if to return to the airport. At this point the altitude was estimated to be 400-500 feet. During the turn the air speed fell to 85-90 mph and the aircraft settled. This turning and settling continued until the aircraft neared the ground, when it was leveled laterally. It struck while about level, both laterally and longitudinally, and slid along the ground in a generally northeasterly direction for some 620 feet where it struck some large trees and turned to the left about 180 degrees. Both captain and copilot were thrown clear of the wreckage.Force landed in mud flats.The Viking collided head-on with a Russian Air Force Yakovlev 3 fighter, which was performing aerobatics. The Viking spiralled slowly without control and crashed. The fighter pilot was also killed.Flew into the east side of Monte Cardo at an altitude of 2400 m. Visibility was poor at the time of the accident.Several aircraft were damaged when a tornado struck Oklahoma City-Tinker AFB, OK (TIK). This was the second tornado in six days to strike the air base.Several aircraft were damaged when a tornado struck Oklahoma City-Tinker AFB, OK (TIK). This was the second tornado in six days to strike the air base.Attempted emergency landing in darkness after engine failure.Flew into the side of the Alto El Arrastradero mountain.Flew into the side of the Alto El Arrastradero mountain.Crashed on the rocky slope of the Sierra Cristais.Northwest flight 4422 was a non-scheduled charter flight en route from Shanghai-Lunghwa Airport to La Guardia Field. An intermediate stop was made at Anchorage. Takeoff from Anchorage was accomplished at 20:12 and the DC-4 climbed to the cruising altitude of 11,000 feet. The last position report was at 21:03 when the flight reported being over the Gulkana radio range station. At that point the airway deflects to the north, its course being 23 degrees, to provide a safe lateral distance from Mt. Sanford which has an elevation of 16,208 feet. The DC-4 continued off the airway and flew into Mount Sanford. The wreckage slid down for about 3000 feet before coming to rest. The wreckage was spotted the day after the accident, but it took until July 24, 1999 before someone was able to reach the crash site.The York suffered a tyre burst on takeoff. The aircaft diverted to Gütersloh where the landing gear collapsed after touchdown.The approach to Porto Nacional Airport was abandoned and the pilot applied full power. The no. 1 engine failed and control was lost. The C-47 struck the ground, causing the left main gear to be sheared off. The aircraft was destroyed by fire.The aircraft overran the runway and struck a boundary wall.The Viking plane belly landed on a beach, 16 km north-northwest of Bombay-Santacruz Airport, India.Aircraft was lost during the Greek Civil War when it was hit by an artillery shell while dropping supplies to the Greek Army near Pirsogianni at Grammos Mountain.The four-engine Lancastrian plane was destroyed by fire during a landing accident at Dubbo Airport, NSW (DBO). The airplane was engaged in a training flight, with the crew members practicing takeoffs and landings. At the time of the accident the pilot carried out a flapless landing. It failed to stop on the runway so the pilot attempted a ground loop in the south-east corner of the airfield. The left hand wheel gave way, causing the left wing to contact the ground. The wing broke, causing spilled fuel to ignite. The fire destroyed the aircraft.Caught fire on engine start up due to a fuel leak. The aircraft was taking part in the Berlin airlift.Crashed.Forced landing during flight from Kwajalein to Johnston Island. The crew rescued by a Navy ship nine hours after the landing.Solid overcast near Guatemala City forced the crew to circle the city. Attempts to contact the ground were unsuccessful, so it was decided to return to Belize. The crew became lost on their way to Belize and had to ditch the aircraft off Campeche after running out fuel.Swung during takeoff.Dakota KJ970 was participating in the Berlin Airlift operation. It was returning to Lübeck at night when it flew into the ground during a Blind Approach Beam System (BABS) approach.Damaged beyond repair in a ground fire. Two workers were injured.Flew into the side of a hill at an elevation of 2000 feet (610 m) while on approach to Paraparaumu Airport (PPQ). The airplane broke up and burned.VH-ARC was withdrawn from service after a crash in 1949 and broken up at Essendon, Australia in 1951.The Avro York lost control while approaching Gatow; the port wing dropped and the aircraft dived into the ground.An Amiot AAC.1 carrying skydivers crashed near Hoang Su Phi, killing all aboard.An Amiot AAC.1 carrying skydivers crashed near Hoang Su Phi, killing all aboard.The Valetta crew attempted to avoid a person on the runway but could not correct their swing. The undercarriage collapsed and the plane slid to a halt on its belly.The takeoff from Sao Paulo had to be aborted because of the failure of the no. 2 engine. The DC-3 ran off the runway and collided with a pile of earth pushing the no. 1 engine into the fuselage.Damaged by errant 20-mm cannon round during gunnery practice 100 miles south west of Cape Flattery. A cannon round ricoched off the water and hit the engine nacelle.Damaged during takeoff and sank.The DC-3 crashed into a canyon on the west side of Mount Hamilton at an altitude of 1800 feet. Weather at the destination was not too good: 700 feet ceiling and 3 miles visibility.The Li-2 operated on a flight from Dudinka to Amderma at night. The crew lost orientation and the aircraft impacted the eastern slope of Mount Netem-Pe (1338 metres high) in the Northern Urals.Visibility was 200yds when DC-3 OO-AWH approached London. The aircraft crashed just after completing a Ground Controlled Approach.Crashed into sea (Golfe du Lion); flight Oran-Perpignan-Lyon.Crashed into sea (Golfe du Lion); flight Oran-Perpignan-Lyon.Damaged beyond repair by a gale.Crashed.Written off.The captain descended below minima while on an instrument approach to Columbus. The DC-3 struck trees and crashed at an elevation of 1140 feet; the minimum altitude for that part being 1600 feet.Crashed following takeoff.The York overran the runway at RAF Hullavington, skidded on wet grass and ran into a ditch.Crashed on approach to Frankfurt. The DC-3 carried out a flight from Copenhagen to Zurich via Frankfurt.Crashed at Puerto Cabezas.The Lodestar became airborne half way along the runway and continued to fly close to the ground as it accelerated. As the undercarriage retracted, it began to a steep climb. The climb continued to steepen and at about 250 feet, the starboard wing dropped and VH-BAG lost height. The wing was picked up, then the port wing dropped and the aircraft entered a curving descent to the left. Gradually gaining a more level attitude, it finally dropped heavily into a swamp between the airstrip and the beach, crashed and burned. It appeared that the centre of gravity was too far aft. The aircraft's load chart, issued with its Certificate of Airworthiness, contained a number of errors. In addition, the passenger seats were 25 mm further apart than indicated on the chart, resulting in a rearward movement of the centre of gravity with all seats occupied. Furthermore, the load chart provided only for the aircraft's "undercarriage down" condition. Yet retracting the undercarriage moved the centre of gravity rearwards. Final calculations indicated the centre of gravity at takeoff would have been betweenFailure of engine No.2. A propeller blade penetrated the fuselage. The C-54 returned and emergency landed at Celle Airport. Crashed shortly after take-off.Caught fire & crashed in a field close to Heroldishausen. Two crew members and the two passengers bailed out. 1st/Lt. Royce C. Stephens (pilot) killed. The C-54 was part of Berlin Airlift. The accident was caused by an engine oil leak that resulted in a fireThe DC-3 operated on a flight from Caracas, Venezuela to Bogotá, Colombia with en route stops at Maracaibo, Venezuela and Cúcuta, Colombia.The crew bailed out after the aircraft ran out of fuel at night.Crashed on Cerro Colorado, near La Noria Ranch, 75 miles southwest of Del Rio, TX in fog.Crashed on Cerro Colorado, near La Noria Ranch, 75 miles southwest of Del Rio, TX in fog.Crashed on training flight.The left main undercarriage leg collapsed, causing the wing to touch the ground. The no. 1 propeller then separated, causing one of the blades to cut through the fuselage injuring the captain. A fire erupted as the plane came to a halt. The three flight crew members were unable to reach the passenger cabin due to the flames, so they exited the plane through the hole made by the propeller. The captain later died of his injuries.The crew aborted an approach in poor visibility and tried to go around. The aircraft struck a hillside near Braemar Reservoir.The aircraft made a crosswind landing on the icy Annette Island runway. The aircraft went left, despite full left power and right rudder and application of brakes. It came to rest in rough terrain, nosed over and fell back.The flight Florence-Roma was to make an unscheduled stop at Pisa to fly some passengers there who had been stranded the day before due to a mechanical defect of their plane.The flight Florence-Roma was to make an unscheduled stop at Pisa to fly some passengers there who had been stranded the day before due to a mechanical defect of their plane.Struck by vessel, broke away from moorings and was damaged beyond repair.The DC-3 was on a VFR flight from London-Northolt to Glasgow-Renfrew and departed London at 09:13. An RAF Avro Anson (registration VV243) had taken off from Middleton at 08:09 for a training flight. Crashed in mountains at an altitude of 4000 m.Brazilian airplane overturned on landing. Owner Francisco Pignatari. Two occupants injured.The crew forgot to lower the gear. The aircraft landed on its belly and skidded before coming to rest. Fire erupted.Crash-landed in a ricefield.Struck a mountain peak while on approach to Huanuco.A Vickers 628 Viking 1B passenger plane, operated by DDL, was destroyed in an accident in the sea off Barsebäck, Sweden. All 27 on board were killed.All three engines were clogged by snow and consequently failed as the aircraft encountered a snow flurry.The DC-3, on a delivery flight to AECA when it crashed into a river bank.Crashed on landing.Crash-landed on a mountain slope after flew into snow shower. Pilot A. F. Bazanov and co-pilot unhurtCrash-landed on a mountain slope after flew into snow shower. Pilot A. F. Bazanov and co-pilot unhurtThe Avro York swung to the right during a crosswind takeoff, overcorrected and crashed.6 hijackers. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. While climbing in VFR through 3500-4000 feet the Constellation collided with a Cessna 140 (NC76891) private plane. The Cessna was on a local flight from Meriden, CT and was flying in level flight on a right converging course. The Cessna crashed, but the Constellation landed safely at Mitchel AFB.The Li-2T crashed during takeoff from Nizhnyaya Pesha Airport in crosswind conditions. The aircraft became airborne at a low speed and pitched up. Improperly secured cargo began to shift rearward, causing a higher angle of attack. The airplane stalled at a height of 15-20 metres and crashed 75 metres beyond the runway threshold.During a service evaluation flight the crew was forced to carry out an emergency landing. While attempting to land in a corn field, the transport plane contacted a tree, crashed and caught fire.The Neptune overshot the runway, ran over a drainage ditch, and broke in half. The aircraft was engaged in a check flight.Hit high ground in bad weather.Hit high ground in bad weather.Crashed.The VC-47D aircraft impacted Mount Spokane at the 3500-foot level.Crashed shortly after takeoff following engine fire.Viking G-AHPD took off from Bordeaux at 14:10 UTC for a flight to Bovingdon. Climbing through 50 m, the pilot throttled down to initial climbing speed. The no. 1 engine then suddenly began to lose power. This engine was shut down, propeller feathered and full power applied to the remaining no. 2 engine. Altitude could not be maintained, causing the crew to decide upon a belly landing. The aircraft slid for about 100 m before coming to rest.Viking G-AHPD took off from Bordeaux at 14:10 UTC for a flight to Bovingdon. Climbing through 50 m, the pilot throttled down to initial climbing speed. The no. 1 engine then suddenly began to lose power. This engine was shut down, propeller feathered and full power applied to the remaining no. 2 engine. Altitude could not be maintained, causing the crew to decide upon a belly landing. The aircraft slid for about 100 m before coming to rest.The Valetta undershot the runway and struck a light pole while attempting to land at RAF Dishforth at night.The Valetta crashed during a parachute drop demonstration of a military container from 800 feet. The parachute deployed over the top of the port tail plane causing the aircraft to immediately bank and dive into the ground.Crashed, no further details.Shot down during leaflet dropping mission along the Seoul - Wonsan Highway.United Flight 129 departed Cleveland at 18:07 for Chicago, Illinois, with stops scheduled at Fort Wayne and South Bend. At 18:47, the flight reported over Toledo and estimated its arrival Fort Wayne at 19:32. At 19:20 the flight reported it was approaching Fort Wayne, reported again when nineteen miles northeast of Baer Field and was advised at runway 22 was the runway in use and that the wind was five to ten miles per hour from the southwest. Due to thunderstorm activity in the area, the wind at the airport shifted to west-northwest and increased in velocity from 5-10 miles per hour to 40 mph. The tower notified the crew and runway 27 was suggested. When the aircraft was east of the airport the wind increased to 60-65 miles per hour with gusts to 85 miles per hour and a heavy rainfall began, accompanied by lightning and severe static. The flight was quickly advised of the weather change but, due to the sudden decrease in visibility. The approach was aborted. At 19:32 the DC-3 struck the ground in a near level attitude with the left wing slightly low. The plane broke up and the main wreckage came to rest in a wooded area several hundred feet distant from the point of initial impact.The Curtiss C-46 diverted to Chile Chico when weather conditions at Balmaceda proved below minima. Weather at Chile Chico however, was also poor. A forced landing was carried out at Los Antiguos, causing the aircraft to be damaged beyond repair.The Cubana aircraft, on a flight from Miami to Havana, was in, or had just performed, a gentle left bank leveling out on the Havana heading of 197 degrees when it collided with a US Navy Beech SNB-1 Kansan (39939) at an altitude of 4000 feet. The Navy plane was on an instrument training flight out of Key West-NAS. The SNB crashed into the water just west of the Naval Station, but the DC-4 continued for some distance before commencing a left bank which became progressively steeper until the aircraft assumed a nose-down attitude, crashing into the ocean 1,7 miles from the point of the collision.The Cubana aircraft, on a flight from Miami to Havana, was in, or had just performed, a gentle left bank leveling out on the Havana heading of 197 degrees when it collided with a US Navy Beech SNB-1 Kansan (39939) at an altitude of 4000 feet. The Navy plane was on an instrument training flight out of Key West-NAS. The SNB crashed into the water just west of the Naval Station, but the DC-4 continued for some distance before commencing a left bank which became progressively steeper until the aircraft assumed a nose-down attitude, crashing into the ocean 1,7 miles from the point of the collision.Not providedNot providedNot providedDamaged beyond repair.Crashed on takeoff; destroyed by fire.The Ju-52 went off course during a flight over the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina range). It was caught by a strong downstream and crashed into Mount Paskal, killing 6 of the 7 crew on board.The Ju-52 went off course during a flight over the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina range). It was caught by a strong downstream and crashed into Mount Paskal, killing 6 of the 7 crew on board.Crash-landed after engine failure. The airplane knocked out a power line.Suffered a landing accident in poor weather conditions.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed back into the sea shortly after takeoff. The Sandringham flying boat sank one hour later.The second Lockheed XP2V-1 Neptune prototype, was damaged beyond repair during flight test out of NAS Patuxent River, Maryland, when one of the engines fell off.The Catalina flying boat departed Townsville Airport, QLD (TSV) at 07:00 on a flight to Darwin Airport, NT (DRW). Engine problems forced the crew to divert to Georgetown Airport, QLD (GTT). It circled the airport and crashed in heavy timber, bursting into flames.Damaged in ground collision.The Dakota suffered a failure of both engines while on approach to RAF Habbaniya. The airplane crash-landed.Crashed in mountainous terrain just north of Chimborazo Mountain. The wreckage was located on May 4, 1950.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.An in-flight fire forced the crew to carry out an emergency landing in an oat field.An in-flight fire forced the crew to carry out an emergency landing in an oat field.Crashed.On landing at Yakutsk in cross-wind conditions of 5 m/s the FW-200 overran the runway. The left main gear collapsed, left wing and engines were damaged.The Skymaster was on a flight from Clark Air Base to Tachikawa Air Base in Japan with an enroute stop at Okinawa-Kadena AFB. During the last leg of the flight, the crew reported overhead the O-Shima radio range station and were cleared to descend to 5000 feet. In fact the plane was some 40 km south-west of O-Shima. The crew descended over mountainous terrain until the airplane flew into the side of Mount Hirugatake, a 1279 m high mountain which is located near Mount Fuji.Reportedly damaged beyond repair by fire.The aircraft operated on a flight from Irkutsk to Yakutsk with en route stops at Kirensk and Olyokminsk, Russia.A Douglas DC-3 cargo plane crashed near Pinto, Colombia, killing both pilots. Swung on takeoff and aircraft sank.Take-off accident due to engine failure.Take-off accident due to engine failure.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair by a gale.The C-47D transport plane impacted a wooded slope of Mount Page, broke up and burst into flames.Eastern Air Lines Flight 611 originated at Boston, MA, for Miami, FL, with stops scheduled at New York-LaGuardia Field, NY, and West Palm Beach, FL. Written off.Viking VT-CLY suffered an engine failure. The aircraft crashed while trying to land at Mumbai (Bombay).Damaged beyond repair following a ground collision with a Junkers Ju-52/3mAvro Tudor "Star Tiger" departed London on January 27 for a flight to Bermuda. A failure of the cabin heating system and compass problems were remedied during the overnight stop at Lisbon, Portugal. The flight continued to Santa Maria, Azores the next day where the crew decided to stay overnight , because of predicted adverse weather conditions on the leg to Bermuda. A company Lancastrian (G-AGWL) was staying overnight as well. During the stay, compass trouble was again remedied. The Lancastrian departed Santa Maria at 14:22 for the flight to Bermuda, followed by the "Star Tiger" at 15:35. G-AHNP took off with a full load of petrol, causing a 936 pounds overload on takeoff. Planned flying altitude was 2000 feet. Last radio contact was at 03:00 and nothing more was heard from the flight. At 04:11 Lancastrian G-AGWL landed safely at Kindley Field, Bermuda one hour past the estimated time of arrival due to stronger then predicted headwinds (which had caused the plane to be carried 68 miles off course).Douglas DC-3 NC79055, certificated for 32 passengers, had been scheduled for the flight. The crew however took NC36480 by accident, certificated for 26 passengers and 7 hours overdue for a 100-hour inspection. The flight to Oakland was uneventful. At Oakland, 28 additional passengers boarded the DC-3, leaving three of them sitting on luggage without seat belts. While en route at 5000 feet, the no. 1 engine caught fire. Following an explosion, the left wing, including the engine, separated from the fuselage. The aircraft crashed out of control.The USAF C-47 aircraft departed Istres-Le Tubé Air Base, France at 12:37 LT for a flight to Udine via Pisa, Italy. The pilot couldn't find his route because of a heavy snowstorm. He decided to return to Istres but the wind caused the aircraft to deviate significantly off course. The airplane flew into the side of a mountain 15:30 LT killing all occupants. The passengers were women and children of soldiers stationed at Udine. On 30th January, 1948 a B-17 Flying Fortress, searching for survivors, crashed at the same location. Nine occupants were killed and one survived.Crashed south of Lisbon during a training flight in poor weather.Damaged beyond repair.No.1 engine problems immediately after takeoff caused the pilot to shut down the engine and feather the propeller. A right turn was made to return to the airport, but the aircraft struck treetops and crashed. The crew probably shut down and feathered the wrong engine.The Dakota crashed into a forest in East Germany while approaching Lübeck at night.The Dakota crashed into a forest in East Germany while approaching Lübeck at night.Flew into ground during bad weather.Flew into ground during bad weather.Lockheed P2V-2 Neptune 39323 was damaged beyond repair at NAS Roosevelt Roads, Puerto Rico, when the nosewheel collapsed during "a fast taxy test" along the runway.Takeoff was accomplished from Homer at 19:50. Just before takeoff the flight advised Homer Tower that it would proceed to Kenai in accordance with visual flight rules. At 19:57 the flight was advised by Kenai radio that there were no passengers or cargo at Kenai, so the crew decided not to land at Kenai. At 20:05, the flight struck the south side of Ptarmigan Head at an elevation of 2,800 feet, nine miles east of the center line of the airway to Kenai.Shortly after takeoff from Stalino (now Donetsk) the right propeller oversped, after which the left engine lost power. The aircraft began losing height and hit the pole of a power line and crashed into a house at ul. Krupskaya d. 105.Crashed and burned 10 km E of Fassberg, Germany. The Skymaster was part of Berlin Airlift. 1st/Lt. Robert P. Weaver (pilot) killed.Tudor G-AGRE (named "Star Ariel") departed Bermuda at 08:41 for the first leg to Kingston of a flight to Santiago. Last radio contact was at 09:42 when the flight informed Bermuda that they had passed though 30deg N and that they were changing to the Kingston frequency. Nothing more was heard from the flight; no wreckage was found. Weather at the time of the disappearance was good; wind was north at 36 knots, no clouds over FL100 (cruising altitude was FL180) and freezing level of FL140.Tudor G-AGRE (named "Star Ariel") departed Bermuda at 08:41 for the first leg to Kingston of a flight to Santiago. Last radio contact was at 09:42 when the flight informed Bermuda that they had passed though 30deg N and that they were changing to the Kingston frequency. Nothing more was heard from the flight; no wreckage was found. Weather at the time of the disappearance was good; wind was north at 36 knots, no clouds over FL100 (cruising altitude was FL180) and freezing level of FL140.The pilot probably lost his way en route from Lima to Iquitos and was forced to ditch the Curtiss when he ran out of fuel. The aircraft sank in 60 feet of water.The airplane went missing near the Banihal Pass. It had taken off from Jammu at 10:43 for a one hour flight to Srinagar.The DC-3 forced landed in a lagoon, close to the Egyptian shore.A Fairchild C-82A-15-FA Packet transport plane was damaged beyond repair in an accident near Fayetteville, NC.Crashed on approach in a snowstorm. The C-54 was part of the Berlin Airlift.Crashed after takeoff. Presumably the engines failed due to fuel contamination.The aircraft crashed when both engines lost power due to carburetor icing that developed shortly after takeoff.The right hand main gear collapsed on landing at Lyon (LYN). The right wing struck the ground and the forward fuselage section separated during the accident.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed during a flight from Riverside-March AFB, California to Novato-Hamilton AFB, California. One of the three crew members was seriously injured.Weather conditions on final approach caused the pilot to go around. Another attempt to land was made, this time a tailwind landing. The Curtiss could not be stopped on the runway and overran into Guanabara Bay.Ground-looped during a landing accident.The Hastings transport plane crashed on landing. It went off the left side of the runway and ground looped 180 degrees.Crashed and caught fire during attempt to pick up a glider. The glider towing rope wound itself around the elevator, causing the C-54 to lose control.The Valetta crew had to carry out a forced landing in a dry river bed as a result of fuel exhaustion. The aircraft was on a ferry flight.The Hermes V G-ALEU was on a test flight when the no. 3 engine oversped. The propeller was feathered. The no. 1 and no. 4 engines then also suddenly failed. An emergency belly landing was carried out in a waterlogged field.Weather conditions deteriorated when the DC-3 approached Hong Kong. The crew decided to divert to Tainan. Tainan however closed down due to bad weather, forcing the Siamese Airways crew to return to Hong Kong. They attempted a night-time visual approach to Kai Tak beneath the 400 feet cloudbase. On approach, the aircraft crashed into the sea.Not providedFlew into the side of a tree-covered hill and caught fire. The C-47 was on an ADF instrument approach to runway 23 of the Charleston-Kanawha County Airport, WV (CRW).Southwest Airways Flight 7 originated at San Francisco, for Los Angeles, with stops scheduled at San Jose, Watsonville, Monterey, Paso Robles, San Lois Obispo, Santa Maria, Santa Barbara, and Oxnard. Departure from San Francisco was 18:00, 15 minutes behind schedule. Flight 7 proceeded in a routine manner and landed at Santa Maria at 20:10. All previous scheduled stops had been made with the exception of the one at San Luis Obispo which was passed over because of local weather. Departure from Santa Maria was at 20:18, 12 minutes behind schedule. Two minutes after takeoff from Santa Maria the flight radioed its on and off times to and from that station and gave an estimated arrival time of 20:39 at Santa Barbara. This was the last radio contact with the flight. The crew should have used the 4000 feet minimum altitude to remain VFR above the clouds, but instead where at 2740 feet MSL in instrument conditions. The aircraft struck the gradually rising slope of a ridge.Damaged beyond repair following an emergency landing.The pilot of DC-3 SE-BBM carried out a forced landing on a road in vicinity of Stockholm-Bromma Airport, Sweden with one engine on fire. The airplane burned out after evacuation.The C-54 drifted to the side of the runway following a GCA approach, struck hard frozen snow banks and caught fire.The Ilyushin 12P, registration CCCP-L1313, was released from the ARB-400 facility at Moscow's Vnukovo Airport following repairs.An engine failure forced the crew to abort the takeoff. The Valetta could not be stopped on the runway and overshot.Right engine fell off, crash landed. A USMC Bell HTL-4 helicopter participated in the successful SAR effort.Crashed into mountain.Belly landing due to engine failure or fire.The aircraft was engaged on a ferry flight from Miami, USA to Kingston, Jamaica via Nassau, Bahamas following inspections and repairs. During the flight from Nassau to Kingston, both engine's failed and the aircraft was forced to alight on the sea south of Kingston. There were no injuries to the 4 crew. The aircraft later sank.The Martin Mars flying boat, named "Marshall Mars", suffered an in-flight engine fire and force-landed in Ke'ehi Lagoon, Oahu, HI. The fire continued to spread and when it reached the fuel tanks the aircraft exploded and sank.One engine failed soon after takeoff from Calcutta-Dum Dum Airport. The crew was not able to return to the airfield and the airplane crash-landed in a paddy. A contributory cause was the overloading of the aircraft.Crashed.A Latécoère 631 flying boat was destroyed when it crashed off Cap Ferret, France. All twelve on board were killed. The flying boat was being operated by SEMAF, an organisation that was founded in March 1949 to operated the remaining Latécoère 631's that were no longer used by Air France following the fatal accident of F-BDRC in 1948. SEMAF began using F-WANU to conduct test flights in order to establish the cause of the accident involving F-BDRC. A forced landing was carried out after engine failure.The airplane's no.2 engine caught fire shortly after departure from RCAF Rockcliffe. One of the passengers was able to bail out safely. The other four occupants died as the airplane crashed in flames. One of those killed was American Ambassador Laurence A. Steinhardt.Ground-looped during a landing accident.Crashed while returning from a routine training flight.Written off.Whilst the aircraft was being prepared for a sortie, a bomb exploded. The flying boat heeled over and sank in 30 feet of water.Returned due to no.1 engine failure; had to go around because of traffic on the runway and collided with telephone wires, crashing into a house.Crashed and caught fire on landing.On March 24, 1950, three CSA DC-3 planes were hijacked on flight to Prague. All three airliners were commandeered to Germany and landed at the US Air Force Base at Erding. The aircraft carried a total of 85 occupants. A total of 26 elected to stay in Germany as fugitives from Communism.On March 24, 1950, three CSA DC-3 planes were hijacked on flight to Prague. All three airliners were commandeered to Germany and landed at the US Air Force Base at Erding. The aircraft carried a total of 85 occupants. A total of 26 elected to stay in Germany as fugitives from Communism.On March 24, 1950, three CSA DC-3 planes were hijacked on flight to Prague. All three airliners were commandeered to Germany and landed at the US Air Force Base at Erding. The aircraft carried a total of 85 occupants. A total of 26 elected to stay in Germany as fugitives from Communism.Crashed while taking off during a snow storm.A Fairchild C-119B Flying Boxcar, 48-0326, struck two parked C-82A's (45-57760/45-57752) while taxiing due to a mechanical failure. One C-82A was damaged beyond repair.Bristol 170 Freighter 21 had just been converted from Mk. 2A to Mk. 21 and was on its second test flight for the Certificate of Airworthiness renewal. Some 34 minutes past departure the aircraft entered a spin, crashing out of control.Forced landing after takeoff.Crashed.Crashed as a result of 'faulty navigation'. The airplane was flying families home from an Antarctic whaling factory ship that had arrived in the port of Rotterdam.Crashed on Belgian coast. Occupants seriously injured.The Li-2 operated on a cargo flight from Yakutsk to Allaikha with en route stops at Yakutsk and Khandyga. The aircraft encountered inclement weather and deviated from the prescribed flight path due to strong winds. It entered clouds and impacted the north-western slope of the first mountain of the Verkhoyanski khrebet ridge at a height of about 1200 metres.The Li-2 operated on a cargo flight from Yakutsk to Allaikha with en route stops at Yakutsk and Khandyga. The aircraft encountered inclement weather and deviated from the prescribed flight path due to strong winds. It entered clouds and impacted the north-western slope of the first mountain of the Verkhoyanski khrebet ridge at a height of about 1200 metres.Crashed following engine failure.Impacted a ridge during a night time instrument approach to Ashiya Air Base, Japan.The C-47 aircraft of the 21st Troop Carrier Squadron was participating in the evacuation of the American wounded in Korea. It was enroute from Seoul to Cho-do Island off the west coast of North Korea. It crashed in the water just off "Dentist C".Flight 202 originated at Buenos Aires, destination New York, with en route stops scheduled at Montevideo, Uruguay; Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and Port of Spain, Trinidad. The flight departed Buenos Aires 18:52 UTC. After a scheduled stop at Montevideo the flight arrived at Rio de Janeiro at 01:05, April 29. The flight departed Rio de Janeiro at 02:43 for a direct off-airways flight to Port of Spain. At 06:16 the flight reported abeam of Barreiras, flying at 14,500 feet under VFR conditions and estimating abeam of Carolina, Brazil, at 07:45 UTC. This was the last known message from the flight. The aircraft was later found to have crashed in dense jungle.Two Russian MiG-15s opened fire, causing substantial damage to the DC-4 and wounding three passengers. The aircraft was hit by 89 shots. Engines no. 3 and 4 were shut down and the pilot carried out a safe emergency landing at Berlin-Tempelhof. Russian authorities claimed that the DC-4 had strayed off the international air corridor.Not providedCrashed into a mountainside in Merrill Pass.Crashed.Six passengers hijacked the flight to Vienna, Austria using a kitchen knife, a pistol that would not fire and a revolver for which they had no ammunition.The Curtiss C-46 had been cleared for a straight-in instrument approach. The crew were told to maintain 3000 feet until leaving the Downey marker. The aircraft descended below this altitude and crashed into a hill at 980 feet altitude. At the time of this accident Robin Airlines, Inc., was doing business as North Continent Airlines, although no authorization to change its name had been obtained from the Civil Aeronautics Board.The Neptune crashed during a single engine landing attempt. The airplane was engaged in an individual non-syllabus training mission.The aircraft, named "Clipper Endeavour" took off from San Juan at 12:11 for a flight to New York when the no. 3 engine failed. The prop was feathered at 350 feet and the crew elected to return to San Juan. The aircraft reached an altitude of 550 feet but the no. 4 engine ran roughly and height couldn't be maintained. To avoid a possible forced landing in a congested area or on coral reef, the aircraft was ditched 11 miles NW of San Juan Airport, 4,5 miles offshore. The rear fuselage broke off behind the bulkhead aft of the main cabin. The plane sank in about 3 minutes.Lost control when carrying out an emergency landing following an engine failure.Mid-air collision with a USAF Lockheed F-94B Starfire (51-5407) at an altitude of 5000-7000 feet.The aircraft, leased from Northwest Airlines, crashed into a mountain. The plane was named "Mokusei".Crashed at Choueifat after takeoff. At least one killed.Ran off runway on takeoff; damaged beyond repair.Struck a power cable and crashed at Loma Prieta Mountain, CA near Los Gatos, CA in overcast.Crashed into mountain ridge near Caricitas.During the French Indochina War (1945-54) Civil Air Transport C-119's were flying CIA supply dropping missions. The C-119 was attempting to deliver an artillery piece to the besieged French garrison at Dien Bien Phu when it was shot at by Viet minh troops. The plane lost an engine to flak. The pilot tried to return to Haiphong, but the aircraft crashed when the left wing contacted a hill. Pilots were James B. McGovern, Jr. and his co-pilot Wallace A. Buford.Burnt out in a hangar fire, together with another DHC-3 Otter.The original destination of the Constellation, Newark, was changed to New York-LaGuardia due to poor visibility. The approach to LaGuardia was missed by half a mile. Because of a ceiling below 500 feet, the flight was cleared for a diversion to Boston. An ILS approach tot runway 04 was made and the aircraft touched down 2000 feet from the approach end. Half an inch of new snow was laying on the runway. The left main gear struck snow drifts causing the aircraft to crash into a snow bank on the left. A fire broke out on the right wing.Crashed while evacuating people from Mukden. The aircraft rose to 60 feet after leaving the runway in a snowstorm, nosed down and crashed.Crashed into building on landing.Crash-landed following an engine fire.Crashed.The B.B.C. Santiago baseball team was returning home from playing matches in Barahona. The C-47 entered severe weather and the pilot attempted to divert to the capital city Ciudad Trujillo- today Santo Domingo. The aircraft flew into the side of mountain.Eastern Flight 572 departed Houston, TX on January 12 for a flight to Washington (DCA). Intermediate stops were planned at Atlanta (ATL), Greenville (PGV) and Winston-Salem (INT). At 03:06, January 13, the DC-3 took off from Winston-Salem. It proceeded at the altitude of 9,000 feet to Washington. The crew received several descent instructions and at 04:27, the flight reported its position to the Washington control tower, stating that it was over Doncaster at 3,000 feet. It was instructed by the tower to maintain 2,500 feet, and to report again when it was over Mt. Vernon, 9 miles south of the Washington National Airport. A brief climb was then necessary to 3500 feet in order to maintain enough separation with another Eastern plane which was on a converging course at the same altitude near Mount Vernon. Flight 572 was then cleared back to its previous approach altitude of 2,500 feet. At 04:33, flight 572 was again cleared to the airport by the Washington Tower, and advised to report when leaving 2,500 feet, when leaving Mt. Vernon, and when VFR. At 04:38, the flight was requested to report the altitude of the base of the clouds. The pilot hurriedly responded,"standby." Nothing more was heard from the flight. It appeared that the right wing tip had struck the top of a sycamore tree, 106 feet (32 m) above sea level, collided with two other trees and struck the ground in an inverted position. It came to rest on the extended centerline of runway 36, 5.2 miles (8,3 km) south of the airport.Crashed near Madrid Airport. It is believed the accident was due to engine failure during an attempted go-around.One of the engines suffered an uncontained failure. The engine subsequently fell off the wing and the pilot carried out a belly landing.The Dakota was performing a single engine approach to RAF Waterbeach when it ran past the end of the runway and crossed a road.Both engines stopped, en route between Charleston and Savannah. Attempts to restart the engines failed, so the crew prepared for an emergency landing in a marsh. The co-pilot went into the passenger cabin to see that the passengers were secured by safety belts. After helping four or five passengers he felt the airplane turning steeply, and he attempted to return to the cockpit. By the time he reached the radio compartment passageway between the passenger cabin and the cockpit he was forced to the floor by centrifugal force. The aircraft stalled and crashed, breaking in two. Investigation revealed that, most probably, one fuel tank was used to operate both engines until its contents were drained, and that the pilot then placed the cross-feed valve in the on position before changing the position of either of the fuel selector valves.Viking G-AHPK departed Renfrew at 18:42 for a flight to Northolt. The crew contacted Northolt at 20:30, reporting 5 miles out. Following 2 or 3 failed SBA approaches the aircraft was heard flying at low altitude. The Viking plane struck trees and crashed into a ploughed field.Struck trees while on final approach to Le Bourget Airport.The undercarriage collapsed when the Lodestar struck a water drain after running off the runway. Damaged beyond repair.The Douglas C-47 operated on a flight from Maxwell Field, Alabama to McChord Field, Washington with a refueling stop at Hill Field, Utah.An unregistered Breguet 730 flying boat, named "Vega", was forced to ditch off Arzew, Algeria, when an engine failed in bad weather.Douglas Skymaster 45-543 was participating in the Berlin Airlift. To undergo its 200 hour maintenance inspection, the airplane was to be ferried to Burtonwood (BUT). The aircraft took taken off at 13:12 from Rhein-Main AFB (FRF). The flight was uneventful and the pilot was cleared to make a VFR approach to Burtonwood. The airplane descended through the cloud and flew into the face of Stake House Fell. Investigation revealed that a strong signal from commercial radio station North of the Burtonwood base was interfering with the Burtonwood Range signal, causing the radio compass on board aircraft to continue to indicate that the base was to their North even after they had passed to the North of the Range Station.Destroyed by fire.The DC-3 lost control in icing conditions and entered a left spin. The crew managed to regain partial control before entering another left spin. The aircraft then crashed in in a diving left turn. It appeared the pilot probably lost control due to icing. Severe air loads encountered during the spin or attempted recovery caused the failure of both horizontal stabilizer and elevators.A tire failure was experienced on takeoff. The takeoff was continued and a visual inspection was carried out while climbing to cruising altitude. Nothing unusual was noted. At 3,5 hours into the flight the no. 3 engine failed and a fire broke out. The crew immediately started an emergency spiral descent. The York, barely under control, crash-landed near Caravelas.Crashed.Crashed at night after engine fire. 22 hijackers demanded to be taken to Germany. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day.Crashed on a beach.Suffered a landing accident in poor weather conditions.Crash-landed in a cow paddock.Crashed when an engine failed in icing conditions.Crashed just after takeoff.The Li-2 passenger plane operated on a flight from Irkutsk to Chita and Yakutsk. Shortly after the night-time takeoff from Irkutsk the flight encountered low clouds, heavy turbulence, heavy snowfall and icing conditions. The airplane was flying at low altitude and drifted off course. The flight crew then inadvertently feathered the right propeller, which caused the aircraft to lose height. Height was lost until the aircraft contacted trees. Control  was lost and the airplane stalled and crashed upside down on the wooded slope of a hill. The sole survivor was seriously injured and was found by a rescue party on April 4. Caught fire, five crew members successfully bailed out and one survived the crash.The Globemaster transport plane had left Limestone AFB for a transatlantic flight to Lakenheath, UK. The last message received by Shannon Aeradio was a revised Estimated Time of Arrival for the destination, which was passed at 01:06. A rescue operation was started when the crew did not make their next routine position report. Only a few small pieces of wreckage were found 450 miles off the west coast of Ireland.The DC-3 crashed into the waters of Baía Sul following an overshoot in conditions of reduced visibility and rain. During the overshoot, the no. 2 engine failed.Crashed near Hato Nuevo, about 90 km from destination Cartagena.The Dakota swung on landing. It ran off the side of the wet grass airstrip and struck a tree.Avro Tudor G-AKBY was chartered for a return flight from Llandow, Wales to Dublin (DUB), Ireland. The passengers attended a rugby match between Ireland and Wales.Crashed on takeoff.A fire broke out, forcing the crew to bail out.Crashed.Northwest Flight 307 originated in Washington at 12:30 destined for Winnipeg, Canada. Scheduled intermediate stops included Detroit, Madison, Rochester and Minneapolis. Flight 307 arrived over Rochester at 20:23, and because there was light freezing rain, did not land and continued to Minneapolis. At 20:41Landing accident. Destroyed by fire.The Dakota IV transport plane had landed in snow near Snag, Yukon as part of a military exercise, Operation Sweetbriar. On takeoff the airplane stalled and fell backThe Dakota IV transport plane had landed in snow near Snag, Yukon as part of a military exercise, Operation Sweetbriar. On takeoff the airplane stalled and fell backCrashed into mountain.Emergency landing due to engine failure. The C-47 hit a tree, causing the engine to separate from its mounts. One crew member was slightly injured.Ran off runway.Forced landed near Lagoa Páti.Not providedFlight 4-2 departed Fort Lauderdale at 00:55. The destination was Teterboro, New Jersey, with intermediate stops at Charleston. South Carolina, and Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina. The flight was routine with a landing at Raleigh-Durham at 05:24. Because of worsening weather at the destination the crew filed a flight plan to New York-Idlewild. The flight departed at 06:08. Near Idlewild the crew were told to hold over Scotland at 3,500 feet, and to expect approach clearance at 08:28. Idlewild weather was as follows: clouds at 500 feet broken, 1800 feet overcast, visibility 1 1/2 miles in heavy rain. When the approach controller first saw the flight on the airport surveillance radar (ASR) it was approaching Scotland. He asked the flight if it could make a straight-in approach from its present position and the flight replied affirmatively. It was then cleared for a straight-in approach, instructed to descend immediately, and to report passing through 2,500 feet. The flight acknowledged and subsequently reported leaving 2,500 feet, and then leaving 2,000 feet. The controller then cleared the flight to continue descent, to advise upon reaching 1,500 feet, and then cleared it to "pass over runway 04 and make left turn into runway 13 left."Mid-air collision at night between Douglas VC-47D 45-926 and Douglas C-124A-DL Globemaster II 50-1260. Both aircraft spun down, crashing on top of parked railroad box cars and bursting into flames.Mid-air collision at night between Douglas VC-47D 45-926 and Douglas C-124A-DL Globemaster II 50-1260. Both aircraft spun down, crashing on top of parked railroad box cars and bursting into flames.The DC-3 crashed on a beach following an engine failure.Crashed on takeoff.The aircraft crashed into the Cerro Grande mountain.The R4D-5 was ski-equipped DC-3 used by the Navy for Project Ski Jump. The airplane carried out landings on drifting ice in the Beaufort Sea. The landing gear collapsed upon landing during one of these flights. The aircraft was abandoned on the ice.A Russian passenger plane suffered a runway excursion upon landing. It struck a military transport plane, which was carrying 34 student of a military academy.A Russian passenger plane suffered a runway excursion upon landing. It struck a military transport plane, which was carrying 34 student of a military academy.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.4 hijackers demanded to be taken to Germany. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. KLM Douglas DC-6 "Koningin Juliana" was on a return flight from Johannesburg to Amsterdam when it approached Frankfurt. The crew of PH-TPJ contacted Frankfurt ATC at 10:38 and reported overhead the 'Staden' beacon at 4000 feet. At 10:45 the flight reported approaching the 'Offenbach' beacon and descending to 750 m. Nothing more was heard from the flight. About five minutes later the aircraft crashed and burned in a forest.The Lockheed Constellation (named "Venlo") was approaching Bangkok when a vibration of the control wheel and dashboard were noticed. The vibrations nearly ceased when engine power was applied. During a left turn to base leg, a loud noise was heard and the aircraft vibrated heavily. One of the no. 3 engine propeller blades had separated and a fire broke out in the engine nacelle. The aircraft landed safely on runway 21. Before coming to rest however, the right main gear collapsed and a major fire erupted.The DC-3 departed Saint John at 13:48 AST for a flight to Goose Bay. Last radio contact was at 14:34 when the crew reported near Chatham, estimating over Seven Islands at 15:44. The aircraft was flying at an altitude of 7000 feet when it disappeared off radar screens. The wreckage was found August 27, 1953.The Sunderland flying boat was conduction trials in Felixstowe Harbour. The trials were meant to assess the effect of operating from rough seas. The Sunderland sustained severe damage during these trials.Crashed on takeoff. The airplane carried two jet engines for repairs in the U.K.Crashed and burned.Crashed shortly after takeoff from Gao, Mali. The airplane operated on a flight from Abidjan to Nice.Engine problems after takeoff from RAF Fayid forced the crew to return to the airport. In the traffic circuit the remaining engine failed. The aircraft landed but the undercarriage collapsed and a fire started.Braniff Airways' Flight 65 departed Denver, Colorado, at 15:35 for Dallas. It landed at Colorado Springs and departed for Oklahoma City at 16:20. The aircraft was en route at 3000 feet agl when in the vicinity of Hugoton, Kansas, one of the hostesses advised the crew that the right wing was on fire. It was apparently the no. 3 engine had caught fire. The captain then decided to land as quickly as possible on a small airport near Hugoton. The captain then disengaged the autopilot, closed the throttle of the No. 3 engine, put the mixture control at idle cut-off, closed the fuel selector valve, and set the propeller control at the full high pitch position. Following this, he dived the aircraft in an attempt to extinguish the fire and to lose altitude. When an air speed of approximately 230 mph was reached, power was reduced on the remaining three engines. When the air speed decreased to approximately 200 miles per hour, the captain pulled the No. 3 fire extinguisher selector valve control handle and then pulled the discharge handle of the left CO 2 bottle. The landing gear was lowered, and power was resumed on the three remaining engines. About this time the fire warning light in the cockpit came on, and the bell rang. These warning signals continued to operate intermittently. As soon as the gear was down, the descent was steepened and a series of steep slipping "S" turns were made toward the north while approaching the airport. At an altitude of approximately 200 to 300 feet above the ground, the no. 3 engine fell from the aircraft and a pronounced buffeting was experienced. The aircraft touched down in the middle of the airport. The captain applied brake pressure immediately, but the aircraft did not decelerate. Approaching the north boundary of the field, the captain tried to turn left to avoid crossing a road which was adjacent to the airport, but the nose steering wheel was inoperative. Left rudder was immediately applied; however, the aircraft responded so quickly to this action that right rudder had to be applied at once to keep the aircraft from groundlooping. After the aircraft was again rolling straight, the captain pulled back on the wheel, causing the nose wheel to lift from the ground, and the aircraft rolled beyond the airport boundary across a highway, through two fences and a ditch, and came to rest in a wheat field.Crashed after fire; wreckage found June 29.Crashed after engine fire.Crashed into a mountainside in poor weather.Aeroflot flight 112 departed Moscow-Vnukovo Airport on a passenger flight to Tbilisi, with a planned stop at Rostov-on-Don. The Vickers Viking T-6 was owned by the Argentine Air Force but operated on flights on behalf of the military airline LADE. The airplane departed Buenos Aires on a flight to Ushuaia. The first technical stop on the route was planned at Bahía Blanca.Not providedNot providedTwo Garuda aircraft (a CV-240 and a DC-3) where involved in a mid-air collision. Both aircraft landed safely.Bristol 170 NZ5908 operated served with RNZAF 41 Sqn. On May 27, 1953 it operated on the regular transport supply run from Whenuapai Air Base to Ohakea-Royal AFB (OHA), Blenheim-Woodbourne (BHE) and Wigram Air Base.Suffered engine failure and crashed while searching Kings Canyon National Park, CA for a missing Beechcraft Bonanza (N8449A). The crew bailed out.Two Garuda aircraft (a CV-240 and a DC-3) where involved in a mid-air collision. Both aircraft landed safely.Convair CV-240 "Paulus Potter" taxied to runway 05 for takeoff. The airplane accelerated down the runway and after a ground run of 700 m, the captain rotated the plane. After flap retraction at a height of about 60 feet and a speed of 145 mph, the airplane started to lose height. The captain closed the throttles and belly landed on the runway. The airplane slid 200 m down the runway, continued past the threshold, crossed a road and came to rest in a field. Many spectators were present on the road and two girls were killed as the airplane crossed the road.Despite the weather, the crew started a circling approach after passing the outer marker. During the circle approach, the no. 2 engine quit due to fuel mismanagement. Control was lost during a left turn and the DC-3 struck the ground. According to some production lists the airplane was repaired. This seems somewhat unlikely since the CAB reported the plane to be 'demolished' as a result of the accident. The aircraft arrived at Cheyenne, Wyoming at 00:38 on a Civil Air Movement flight from New York International Airport. The aircraft departed Cheyenne at 01:32, on an instrument flight plan to Chicago at 7,000 feet. The C-46 progressed uneventfully until it reached Omaha. The pilot contacted Omaha INSAC and requested a change of altitude to 3,000 feet. This was denied because another flight proceeded at 2,600 feet between Des Moines and Omaha. The aircraft flew then into a severe thunderstorm in the vicinity of Des Moines. The aircraft lost control and subsequently the right wing panel failed at the attach angles to the center section due to a strong downward force which exceeded the design strength of the wing. The wing panel then struck the tail, causing it to disintegrate.Shortly after lifting off the runway, the captain encountered severe jamming of the ailerons. The airplane, in a slight right wing down attitude, was landed back on the grass besides the runway. To avoid a collision with the runway caravan the landing gear was retracted. But of no avail as the left wing hit the caravan and was torn off. The aircraft came to rest and caught fire.Flight 318 departed Dallas on a VFR Flight Plan at 13:10 for Atlanta, with a scheduled stop at Shreveport. En route to Shreveport the crew were warned about thunderstorms in the area of Longview. At about 14:12 Flight 318 called the Shreveport Control Tower, which cleared it to make a right-hard turn for landing approach to runway 13. Flight 318 acknowledged this message and requested the Shreveport weather which was transmitted as dark scattered clouds at 1,000 feet, ceiling estimated 4,000 feet, overcast at 20,000 feet, visibility 10 miles, thunderstorm, light rain shower. The tower also advised of a thunderstorm approximately 15 miles west of Shreveport. This transmission also was acknowledged by the flight. The thunderstorm was entered at an altitude of 2500 feet, and with no apparent attempt to change course. The very intense localized thunderstorm was accompanied by frequent cloud-to-ground lightning, hail, heavy rain, turbulence, and high winds. The flight was forced to the ground. It struck the trees while in a shallow angle of descent. It continued ahead, cutting a swath through trees for a distance of approximately 500 feet, struck the ground, skidded, and came to rest in a mess of wreckage 870 feet from the point of initial contact with the trees. The aircraft partially burned following impact.A formation of four C-119's was flying at an altitude of 5000 feet. A US Air Force Republic F-84 Thunderjet flew through the formation and collided with one of the Boxcars. It caroomed off that one and hit another. The F-84 pilot ejected and landed safely by parachute. Both C-119 planes (51-8235 and 51-8241) were lost with seven crew killed and three parachuted so safety. It has not been confirmed if these survivors came from 51-8235 or 51-8241.A formation of four C-119's was flying at an altitude of 5000 feet. A US Air Force Republic F-84 Thunderjet flew through the formation and collided with one of the Boxcars. It bounced off and hit another C-119. The F-84 pilot ejected and landed safely by parachute. Both C-119 planes (51-8235 and 51-8241) were lost with seven crew killed and three parachuted so safety. It has not been confirmed if these survivors came from 51-8235 or 51-8241.Avro Shackleton WL749 landed short of the runway at Aldergrove. The port undercarriage collapsed causing the aircraft to slew and hit the runway controller's caravan.Bounced on landing and crashed.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair in crash landing.The DC-3 lost control and crashed some 5 minutes after takeoff.The undercarriage was retracted on takeoff, before becoming airborne. The DC-3 thus settled back on its belly.The Valetta T.3, serving with RAF 1 ANS, departed RAF Hullavington for a routine air navigation sortie. The aircraft crashed at sea for unknown reasons.Drifted off the runway while attempting to takeoff in strong gusty winds. The airplane struck an embankment and caught fire.A de Havilland DH-106 Comet 1 passenger plane, operated by BOAC, was destroyed in an accident near Calcutta, India. All 43 on board were killed.Impacted the ground near Dempster Street and Elmhurst Road in Des Plaines, Illinois.Burnt out in a hangar fire, together with another DHC-3 Otter.The Neptune was forced to land following a loss of engine power.The no. 1 engine of the DC-3 caught fire immediately after takeoff from Calcutta runway 19R. The aircraft failed to gain height, stalled and crashed into trees, about 1 km past the runway end.Suffered Category B damage. Not repaired.Crashed on landing.The Aerolineas Argentinas flight took off from Mendoza at 18:47 for a flight to Cordoba. Severe turbulence existed in the area near Cordoba, causing the flight crew to decide to divert to La Rioja. At 21:25 they reported a La Rioja ETA of 21:40. Nothing more was heard from the flight. The wreckage was found on April 26 near Sierra de Vilgo.Three greens didn't show up on approach, but the tower controller confirmed the gear was down. The right main gear was not locked down and collapsed on landing.Three greens didn't show up on approach, but the tower controller confirmed the gear was down. The right main gear was not locked down and collapsed on landing.The C-119 transport plane impacted a fog-obscured ridge on Mission Point (2771 feet high) while on an instrument approach to Burbank.A C-119F transport plane sustained substantial damage in a taxi accident at Birmingham Airport, AL (BHM). The airplane was undergoing modifications and a test crew was making a fast practice taxi run when they lost control.Crashed. There were nine passengers and five crew members on board with an additional cargo of 2500 kg of meat.Crashed on takeoff; also reported crashed Phnom Penh, Cambodia 15 DEC 1952.The starter motor for one of the 4 engines failed, so the pilot decided to start the engine by windmiling the propeller during high-speed taxy-run. The engine started, but the aircraft could not be stopped on the runway and overran.The flight crew of the Ilyushin 12P carried out an emergency landing in the Volga River after both engines quit during the approach to Kazan Airport.Crashed after engine fire while taking off from Saigon-Tan Son Nhat Airport, now Ho Chi Minh Ville.The DC-3 airplane suffered an engine failure on takeoff. It force-landed on the runway and was destroyed by fire.DH-106 Comet G-ALYY was leased to South African Airways by BOAC. It was flown by SAA crew members between Johannesburg and London with several intermediate stops. The aircraft was grounded in January 1954 following the in-flight structural breakup of sistership G-ALYP. Special checks were carried out and a number of modifications were made affecting the airframe, the controls and the fire detection and protection at the engines. On the 15th February, 1954, the fuselage was subjected to a proving test to 11 lb/sq. in. The aircraft was returned available for service on the 24th February, 1954.The C-54 struck a tree while approaching Gia Lam Airport and crashed into the Red River.The Canadair C-4 was on a flight to Vancouver and had been cleared on an IFR flightplan flying at 6000 feet on Green Airway 1 between Winnipeg and Calgary. Crashed 15 minutes after takeoff.The Valetta flew into a mountain at night.Destroyed in gale whilst moored.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Crashed on takeoff after engine failure. Aircraft hit Army building of Fort Bragg and crash-landed on a parade field. Two soldiers died inside the Army mess hall and five others were injured.A TWA DC-3 departed Kansas City-Municipal for a pilot requalification check flight at 10:01 CST. The crew carried out a touch-and-go at the nearby Fairfax Airport runway 35 following which the DC-3 started a climbing left turn. At an altitude of 1750-1900 feet (150 knots airspeed, 200deg heading) the pilots heard a noise and felt the plane swerve to the left. The DC-3 made an emergency landing at Kansas City-Fairfax. It appeared that the Dc-3 had collided with a Cessna 140A aircraft (N1158D, cn 15721 owned by Baker Flying Service). The Cessna had left the Municipal Airport for an instrument training flight and had been cleared for Fairfax runway 13 at the time of the collision. The Cessna lost control and crashed.Crashed, no further details.The Varsity was engaged in a single engine training flight when the propeller on the working engine was accidently feathered. The aircraft crash-landed.During a single engine approach the remaining engine lost power. The Varsity undershot the runway.Crashed en route after double engine failure.The aircraft operated on an ice-reconnaissance flight from Dikson to Nagurskoye in the Franz Josef Land archipelago. Weather conditions at Nagurskoye were below-minima with thick fog as the aircraft attempted to land. During the fourth attempt to land, the aircraft touched down on a part of the runway which had not been cleared from snow. The left main gear broke off and the aircraft suffered structural damage.Crashed into a mountainside, killing all ten on board.Two Indian Air Force C-47 planes were destroyed after a mid-air collision near Agra.Crashed in sea in foggy weather.The Neptune was attacked by Soviet MiG-15s while on patrol. It crash-landed on St Lawrence Island in the Bering Sea.Two Indian Air Force C-47 planes were destroyed after a mid-air collision near Agra.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair as a result of a landing gear collapse.Hastings WD478 was flying sorties out of RAF Strubby. During one of these sorties the aircraft climbed steeply after takeoff. The airplane stalled and dived into the ground. The elevator trim was possibly set fully up, causing the plane to stall.On takeoff in crosswind from Resolute Airport, Canada, the aircraft started to swing. The pilot ordered "pull it off" and rotated, while the flight engineer misunderstood and closed throttles at same time. No injuries.The crew attempted to fly a visual departure from Hong Kong in low cloud and poor visibility. The aircraft, named "City of Ayudhya", crashed into the hills of Hong Kong Island between Mt Butler and Mt Parker.The crew attempted to fly a visual departure from Hong Kong in low cloud and poor visibility. The aircraft, named "City of Ayudhya", crashed into the hills of Hong Kong Island between Mt Butler and Mt Parker.Crashed while attempting a single-engine go-around.Reported damaged beyond repair.Flight 16 departed Kansas City, Missouri, at 07:24 for Omaha, Nebraska, Sioux City, Iowa, and other intermediate stops with final destination as Minneapolis, Minnesota. At 08:41 the flight took off for Sioux City on an instrument flight plan. At 09:04 Flight 16 reported over the Sloan Fan Marker, 11.9 miles south-southeast of the approach end of runway 35 at the Sioux City Airport. It was immediately cleared by the Sioux City Airport tower for a straight-in approach and landing on runway 35. Weather information was reported as: precipitation, ceiling 500 feet, sky obscured, visibility one mile in light snow showers, and wind from the east at 14 miles per hour. Following receipt of this information, the flight requested permission to land to the southeast on runway 13 and received clearance to do so. At 09:09 the flight reported that it was contact over the southeast corner of the field and was cleared to land. At the same time the aircraft was seen by a ground witness one mile southeast of the airport. Shortly thereafter, it was sighted approximately over the intersection of Runways 4/22 and 17/35 on an east-southeast heading. A left climbing turned to the north was then made and the pilot was advised that he was cleared to land on either runway 17 or runway 13. The pilot was also advised by the tower that there would be a 90-degree cross-wind if he elected to land on runway 17. All transmissions to the flight were acknowledged. The aircraft was not further observed, and crashed about 600 feet north and west of the approach end of runway 17. Fire developed immediately.The flight departed Minneapolis, Minnesota, at 07:46, on February 27, 1951, for Houston, Texas, via scheduled intermediate points. During the flight the left engine torque meter pressure indication was approximately 90 FSI, the normal being approximately 145 PSI. The flight departed Kansas City and proceeded in a routine manner to Tulsa, arriving at 12:44. The left engine, torque meter pressure indicator was considered inoperative because of its low reading, and was, therefore, disregarded during the flight. Following touchdown at Tulsa, the propellers were placed in reverse thrust, and when being returned to positive thrust, the left propeller went to the full feathered position and the engine ceased operation. While taxiing to the loading ramp, attempts were made to start the left engine but were not successful. On departure from Tulsa, no difficulty was encountered in starting the left engine, and the propeller which was in the full feathered position was returned to the low pitch position by use of the propeller governor control. Takeoff was accomplished from Tulsa at 13:02. Prior to takeoff, the engines were run up and the pre-flight check accomplished using a check list. All items checked satisfactorily, with the exception that the left engine torque meter pressure indicator was abnormally low. Flaps were positioned at 24 degrees for takeoff. The take-of roll was started on runway 12 and the aircraft became airborne at 124 mph, or slightly higher. The landing gear was immediately retracted and the airspeed was then observed to be 145 mph at this time, at an altitude estimated to be not over 50 feet, the left propeller was observed to feather and then immediately to rotate slowly. It continued to rotate until the aircraft struck the ground. The crew first became aware that the left engine was malfunctioning when a severe vibration was felt immediately after the gear had been retracted and at the same time the aircraft yawed to the left momentarily. Both engine controls were left at the takeoff setting, and a single-engine climb was then initiated. The airspeed decreased to approximately 124 mph during the climb to a maximum altitude of approximately 150 feet. At this point the aircraft was leveled off and a shallow turn to the left was made to avoid flying over a building. As the aircraft started turning at an approximate air speed of 122 miles per hour, the flaps were retracted from the 24-degree position to the 12-degree position. While in the left turn, the aircraft lost altitude steadily until it struck a grove of trees at a point approximately 17 feet above the ground. After striking the trees it slid on the ground on the underside of the fuselage. All passengers and crew were evacuated safely and in an orderly manner. The aircraft was destroyed by fire.Flew into high ground when returning from a combat support mission to Taegu (K-2) Air Base.Altitude was lost while trying to divert to Burbank Airport after encountering icing conditions en route. The crew ultimately carried out a forced landing next to a highway. The Curtiss collided with a large iron pole and sheared a power line pole before coming to rest.Turbulence on the Rio de Janeiro-Santos Dumont Airport runway 02 approach path caused the Curtiss to touch down short of the runway. The right main gear leg broke off and the no. 2 engine sustained damage. Full power was applied and the flight diverted to Galeao Airport for an emergency landing. Fire destroyed the aircraft.Turbulence on the Rio de Janeiro-Santos Dumont Airport runway 02 approach path caused the Curtiss to touch down short of the runway. The right main gear leg broke off and the no. 2 engine sustained damage. Full power was applied and the flight diverted to Galeao Airport for an emergency landing. Fire destroyed the aircraft.Crashed during landing at Olathe NAS, Kansas.The Valetta's no.2 propeller had been feathered because the engine suffered from oil problems. Also, the main radio had become unserviceable. Adding to that, smoke was seen coming from beneath the floor in the rear of the cabin. The crew attempted to make an emergency landing at Bromma Airport. Weather was poor and the airplane was not very well lined up with the runway. An overshoot was commenced, but the airplane barely climbed due to the effects of airframe icing. The pilot then made a forced belly landing in a clearing on a high ground ahead.The flying boat was on a ferry flight when it flew into a cloud-shrouded hillside. The flying boat was flying 16 miles of course and 1700 feet below safety height.The C-46 Commando transport plane was damaged beyond repair when it impacted terrain near Yalí, Colombia. Both pilots were killed.Departure from Seattle was delayed due to ground fog. De-icing attempts were partially successful as the plane was prepared for departure. Although visibility was below minima, clearance was given for takeoff. At 1800 feet into the takeoff roll the DC-3 became airborne. The left wing then struck the ground and dragged for 117 feet. The DC-3 landed back outside the runway and continued until striking a hangar, bursting into flames.Ground looped on landing.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair in a landing accident.Crashed due to structural failure in bad weather, en route to New York-Floyd Bennet Field.Crashed on takeoff due to an engine failure. The fuselage is now preserved at the Suomen Ilmailumuseo, Helsinki.The aircraft was damaged in a crash-landing. A fire broke out.The Canadair C-4, "Empress of Vancouver", could not be stopped before the end of the runway. The aircraft overran, went through a sea wall and plunged into Tokyo Bay.The Catalina flying boat crashed while taking off from Evans Bay in Wellington harbour.The airplane departed Whitehorse Airport, YT (YXY) participating in a search for a Douglas C-54 that went missing January 26 near Snag, YT (Canada). Weather in the search area was overcast to broken. The airplane was caught in a downdraft and flew into the side of a mountain.A Douglas C-47 transport plane operated by the Colombian Air Force went missing during a flight between Panama City-Albrook AFB and Cali, Colombia.The DC-4 skidded off the runway on takeoff and caught fire.The Transandino Curtiss C-46 struck a house while on final approach to Maracaibo Airport. The aircraft sustained substantial damage to the tail.Crashed at sea.The Sunderland was moored at Calshot but the hull access door had been properly secured. A storm caused water to enter the fuselage. The Sunderland sank. On February 23 a salvage operation was started to retrieve marine markers from the hull in order to minimise the danger from fire and explosion from the damaged petrol tanks. An explosion occurred, inuring two men.Crashed into the North Sea, 40 miles off the Dutch coast. The captain of a Danish ship reported witnessing an engine on fire. He reported that the C-47 crashed in flames.The C-82's undercarriage broke as it landed at Mount Clemens-Selfridge AFB, MI (MTC). The crew of five was not injured.A gust lifted the Solent flying boat causing the plane to plunge nose down into the water.The aircraft stalled and crashed, killing at least one on board.Ground accident.The Varsity was on final approach to RAF Swinderby when the pilot decided to attempt an overshoot from a height of 200 feet. On the application of power, the no. 2 engine failed. The airplane climbed steeply to about 400 feet and then dived into the ground.All 4 engines failed on final approach due to fuel exhaustion. A wheels-up forced landing was carried out.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Ditched following engine problems.Reportedly damaged beyond repair. Coded H-053.The plane crashed into a mountain as a result of a navigation fault. The airplane operated on a flight from Madrid, Spain.Shortly after takeoff from RAF Butterworth, a no. 1 engine fire warning forced the crew to return to the airport. They shut down the engine. The Valetta lost altitude in the turn back towards the runway and contacted palm trees. It crashed onto the runway.Shortly after takeoff the aircraft was seen to turn to the left. The bank to the left increased progressively and shortly after, the aircraft turned on its back and crashed.Crashed on training flight.Four crew and 14 passengers bailed out after fuel exhaustion due to weather.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.The aircraft was on a training flight with a simulated number 1 engine failure. The engine was shut down and the propeller was feathered. Then the remaining engine began to fail due to magneto problems. The crew attempted to unfeather the no. 1 prop in order to restart the engine. They failed to unfeather the prop and a forced landing was carried out.Damaged beyond repair in an accident. The airplane was probably one of some 54 that were searching for a Douglas C-54 that went missing January 26 near Snag, YT (Canada).Damaged beyond repair in a ground loop accident. The C-47A had suffered a double engine failure and the pilot attempted a landing on an unplowed runway.The DC-3 struck the top of a house and crashed.Not providedNo.1 engine failure on climb out. The prop was not feathered, causing the aircraft to enter a stall. A forced landing in Guanabara Bay was carried out.Lost during night insertion mission. Double agent detonated a grenade before bailout.The Valetta had just departed from Khartoum when the no. 1 engine rpm began to fluctuate. The pilot decided to return to the airport. After touchdown, the airplane swung off the side of the runway and impacted a ridge of sand.The airplane crashed near Chehalis, WA. Ten of the occupants were able to bail out safely before the crash.Curtiss C-46 N1693M was being ferried from Columbia, SC to Seattle for the purpose of later conducting a Civil Air Movement of military personnel. The flight arrived at Cheyenne at 18:35 for refueling. Departure from Cheyenne was delayed owing to repair of the left navigation light and the flight took off at 20:43. The flight proceeded uneventfully. Near Yakima the crew were cleared to descend from FL120 to FL100. Upon reporting over Yakima at 00:26, it was further cleared to descend to and maintain 8,000 feet. The pilot contacted Seattle Center at 00:47 and reported over Easton at 8,000 feet, inbound to Boeing Field. Seattle Center replied: "Nectar one six nine three metro you are cleared to cross Hobart at 8,000 Seattle at or above 4,000 maintain 4,000 no delay expected contact Seattle Approach Control over Hobart for further clearance over." The pilot read back: "Roger, cleared to ... cross there four thousand or above the range station, ah, four thousand, report Hobart to you." A correction, "negative report Hobart to Seattle Approach Control," was then immediately transmitted. The pilot replied, "Hobart to Seattle Approach Control Roger." These contacts were made at approximately 00:48. There was no record of further transmission from the aircraft.The DC-3, on a military charted flight to Na San, lost a wing soon after takeoff and crashed.The DC-3, on a military charted flight to Na San, lost a wing soon after takeoff and crashed.The flight departed Washington National Airport, at 00:07 for a flight to Seattle. The flight stopped at Cleveland for fuel and oil and arrived at Chicago at 07:35. Shortly after takeoff at Chicago, the flight returned owing to rough operation of the left engine. The left magneto of this engine was replaced by a spare carried on the aircraft and the flight again departed at 12:15 for Minneapolis, made a fuel stop there, and arrived at Fargo at 16:40. One of the engines was spitting and coughing, but it would take a mechanic 15 minutes to get to the plane, and the crew decided to continue. The left engine started with some difficulty and the flight departed Fargo at 17:48 and made fuel stops at Billings and Felts Field, Spokane. The flight departed Spokane at 00:35 the next day on an IFR flight plan. At 02:07 the pilot of the DC-3 reported an engine failure to Seattle Center. Seven minutes later, Seattle Approach Control heard the pilot report that he was icing up and losing altitude. The flight was cleared for an approach to Boeing Field. The last transmission from the aircraft was received at 02:22, reporting that the flight was at 4,800 feet. The airplane struck 150-200 foot trees at the 3,500-foot level of Cedar Mountain while descending with wings level. The right wing tip was the first portion of structure to contact the trees, and both wing panels were progressively torn away to the center section in a series of decelerations. The fuselage broke into three sections, and the nose section was demolished. Disintegrated in midair and crashed in the Khasi hills.An engine failed on takeoff. The aircraft managed to climb to 100-200 feet before entering a slight banking turn. The Lodestar crashed into the sea.Crashed.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The Viking, named "Shangani", disintegrated in flight after encountering a sudden gust of wind. It appeared that the type of grease used when fitting press fit bolts to the booms had caused corrosion nodes, thus weakening the lower starboard boom at the outboard bolt hole. The gust of wind caused a fracture of this boom outboard of Station 141, followed by the complete disintegration of the aircraft.The undercarriage collapsed on landing, causing the Curtiss to veer off the runway, into a ravine. The aircraft was destroyed by fire.The undercarriage collapsed on landing, causing the Curtiss to veer off the runway, into a ravine. The aircraft was destroyed by fire.The undercarriage collapsed on landing, causing the Curtiss to veer off the runway, into a ravine. The aircraft was destroyed by fire.During taxiing the nosewheel steering failed. The pilot informed ATC and continued to taxy using differential braking. He attempted a double bend, but then the brakes failed. The Varsity left the taxiway and ran into some parked fuel tankers.The Sunderland flying boat arrived near Iwakuni NAS but the crew were told the sea was choppy due to a gusty wind. They decided to circle the area to wait for the weather to improve. It was dark by the time they attempted to land again. The airplane struck the sea heavily and overshot. The crew then decided to land after sunrise. After landing it struck heavy seas. The nose broke and the Sunderland came to rest on its back.No. 2 engine backfiring forced the crew to divert to Tampa following the feathering of the propeller. A ground check and runup failed to show any problems. Although there was no indication, the crew had to shut the no. 2 engine down again when tower controllers reported smoke coming from the engine on takeoff. A single engine approach to St Petersburg was flown, but the aircraft overshot the approach. Full power was added to go around. The Curtiss stalled with the flaps still down, crashing into a wooded area.Transocean Air Lines Flight 942 departed Roswell at 12:11 for Oakland. The flight was for the purpose of transporting military personnel. After departing Roswell the flight progressed in a routine manner and at 14:51, when in the vicinity of Winslow, Arizona, the Defense VFR flight plan was changed to IFR, still at least 500 feet on top of clouds. At 18:19 the flight reported over the Newark, California, compass locator and fan marker at 8,000 feet where it held for 11 minutes. At 18:27, Oakland Approach Control cleared Flight 942 for a straight-in range approach, to descend in the holding pattern to cross the Newark compass locator at 3,500 feet and to report leaving each 1,000-foot level. Three minutes later, at 18:30, the flight reported leaving 8,000 feet, and subsequently reported leaving each 1,000-foot level. At 18:36, it reported being at 3,500 feet leaving the Newark compass locator inbound. Almost immediately thereafter the aircraft became uncontrollable. The aircraft descended in a steep right wing low slipping attitude until it crashed in a large flat field near Alvarado, CA.Crashed shortly after takeoff and burned out.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed on approach in bad weather and caught fire.Destroyed by enemy action during the Battle of Dien Bien Phu in the First Indochina War between the French Union's French Far East Expeditionary Corps and Viet Minh communist-nationalist revolutionaries.Destroyed in French Indo China.The Catalina took off from Tromsø on a round trip to drop mail, first on the Bear Island, then on the Island Hopen and two places on the Island Svalbard namely New Ålesund and Longyearbyen. After successful drops at all the four places, the plane took a low pass over Bear Island at a height of 100 meters. While passing just south of the radiostation it made a right turn and the right wing hit the ground causing the plane to crash on the island. There were occasional snowshowers at the time of the accident.Due to a power failure of the Dabrowa Tarnowska radio beacon, the aircraft went off-course and collided with the Cwiklina hill (1060 m) near Gruszowice. The pilot saw the rising terrain at the last moment and initiated a climb which reduced the impact.Reaching a height of 75 feet after takeoff severe vibration was experienced. The aircraft then entered a nose down attitude. The flight crew could barely prevent the Convair from diving into the ground; they managed to carry out a belly landing in barren field.Crashed into the sea.Destroyed.The Varsity contacted a tree during an attempted overshoot at RAF Swinderby at night. The airplane crashed and caught fire.Struck the Friars Peak while waiting for a permission to land.Destroyed.Crashed while attempting night VFR flight in instrument conditions.The Varsity crew were attempting a single engine night landing at RAF Syerston when the aircraft stalled and hit the ground.The Constellation landed short of the runway, striking a sea wall with the undercarriage. The impact caused a leak in the no. 3 integral fuel tank. The undercarriage collapsed as the aircraft touched down again on the runway. The right wing broke off as the aircraft slid down the runway. The Constellation rolled to the right and came to rest inverted.Crashed on landing.Destroyed on ground by mortars.Engines no. 2 and 3 failed in succession because the fuel was contaminated with water. The right wing collided with a line of trees and the airplane crashed.Crashed into trees on takeoff following engine failure. The aircraft caught fire. Two crew members and 22 passengers were injured.Lockheed Constellation PP-PDJ was carrying out a scheduled Panair flight from London to Buenos Aires with stops at Paris, Lisbon, Dakar, Recife, Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo and Asuncion. The aircraft was on the São Paulo - Asuncion leg of this flight when the crew contacted Asuncion at 01:05. They were cleared to land on runway 02 and were told to report when on finals. Last contact was at 01:15. The aircraft was descending through clouds until the left wing hit a 12 metre tree. Part of the wing broke off and the plane continued knocking down coconut trees. Some 500 metres from the initial point of impact, the aircraft came into violent contact with a tree at ground level, uprooting it, so that the fuselage fell over in a position facing about 30° to the left of the path of flight. At this point the fuselage caught fire.Destroyed in French Indo China.Cargo shifted during takeoff. Control was lost and the airplane crashed and burned.The aircraft was being test flown for single-engine performance at maximum takeoff weight. During these tests the airplane assumed an unusual position at an altitude that was insufficient to permit recovery. It appeared that the airplane was overloaded by at least 900 Ibs.The flying boat hit a swell on landing and bounced. It nosed in.Overturned on landing at Fort Lamy (now Ndjamena) Airport.Destroyed.The C-47D transport plane was en route over Belgium when it experienced problems with one of the engines. When the engine failed, the aircraft began to lose altitude. Four crew members bailed out, landing in the vicinity of Overboelare.Not providedThe Li-2 transport plane flew from Bukhta Somnitelnaya (Wrangel Island) to a drifting ice floe in the central Arctic Basin when the ski of the right main landing gear hit an ice hummock during the landing run and broke, the nose of the aircraft touched the ice and the fuselage broke into three when falling back onto the ice. All 6 crew and 4 passengers escaped unhurt and were evacuated by another aircraft. The wreck was set on fire and abandoned on the drifting ice floe.The Avro York struck an obstacle after takeoff from runway 33 and crashed in flames.One of the main undercarriage legs failed to lock down and subsequently collapsed on touchdown.Emergency landing at sea.Undershot and fell 10 m down a ravine during landing on a private airstrip during an air festival.The DC-3 took off from Rio Chico following a 600 m ground run but touched down again left of the runway. The left main gear leg broke off and a fire broke out in the no. 1 engine. This fire could not be contained due to a lack of adequate fire fighting equipment.East African Flight EC104 departed Dar es Salaam (DAR) at 10:39 for the last leg of a flight to Nairobi (WIL). Last position report was at 11:56 when the pilot reported over Lake Jipe in visual flight on top of the clouds at FL105. Nothing more was heard from the flight. The wreckage was found on May 22, 1955 on the south-east slope of Mawenzi (one of the two peaks of Mount Kilimanjaro) at an elevation of 15200 feet.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed into the side of the Doi Pha Hom Pok Mountain. The wreckage was found at May 29, 1955.Not providedThe C-47, operated by the Ohio Air National Guard, suffered an engine failure. Ten passengers bailed out and the four crew members remained on board when the airplane carried out a forced landing on a wooded hillside.The KC-97 was flying in formation when an engine caught fire. Control was lost and the airplane entered a spin and crashed into the Atlantic.Landed short of the runway and broke up.On April 25, 1955 about 19:00 local time, the Varsity plane was taken on an unauthorised flight by a mechanic from Thorney Island RAF Station. The airplane flew towards the London area, circling the city. All the time the airplane was being chased by another Vickers Varsity from Thorney Island. After three hours the chase plane lost sight of the stolen plane. The mechanic continued flying low over southern England and then across The Channel to France. Shortly after midnight the airplane crashed into a farmhouse at Onnaing, near Valenciennes in northern France. Four occupants of the house were killed, along with the pilot.Crashed into the sea north of Tanaguarena.Crew bailed out after engine failure.Crash-landing after engine failure due to fuel exhaustion. The four crew members survived.Struck a 2,064 m (6,772 ft) high mountain. The wreckage was located 19 February 1956.Crashed during a test flight at NAS Whidbey Island, WA.The plane crashed in a forest in the south-western slope of Mount Kekurnaya in 4 km south of the airfield Znamenskoye. On the second flight in a circle, after takeoff, the crew during the climb turned to the right by 15-20 °, because on the left was a hill 450 meters high. Then the crew proceeded to the first turn left at 90 °, during which the aircraft collided with a Mount Kekurnaya at an altitude of 340 m. Both pilots were killed. The navigator was injured.The Air France DC-4, named "Ciel de Savoie", landed at Douala at 12:00 and after refueling took off at 14:08 on the leg to Niamey, Niger. This leg was part of the Air France service between Brazzaville, Congo and Paris. The flight plan indicated that the pilot intended to take the southern route to Niamey, avoiding higher terrain, with an en route altitude of 8500 feet. Some four minutes after takeoff the flight made a sharp climbing turn heading NNW, on a straight course to Niamey over the British Cameroon mountains. The plane possibly drifted towards higher terrain until it was heading for Cameroon Mountain (elevation: 13,354 feet). The crew were facing the sun. Seen through the mist the mountain was probably only partially or faintly visible. They probably saw the mountain until it was too late to climb over it. The pilot immediately made a sharp left turn but the plane hit the steeply rising terrain with the left wing. The aircraft then impacted the mountain at an altitude of about 8500 feet.Crashed in the sea during the approach to Lajes Air Force Base (Azores).The DC-3 attempted to land at Reykjavik during heavy snowfall. The first attempt to land was aborted as the runway lights were not visible at 500 feet. The crew were instructed to climb to 2000 feet before being asked to try to land again, since visibility had improved a little. Last radio contact was when the crew reported at 700 feet. An oil spot and some pieces of wreckage were found on the sea the next day, some 10 miles from the airport.The aircraft was damaged beyond repair following a forced landing to engine problems.Sunderland PP107 from the RAF 205 Squadron, was on a support mission for the UN Command during the Korean War. The flying boat flew into a Taiwanese mountain at an elevation of 5000 feet in poor visibility.Sunderland PP107 from the RAF 205 Squadron, was on a support mission for the UN Command during the Korean War. The flying boat flew into a Taiwanese mountain at an elevation of 5000 feet in poor visibility.Suffered a landing accident in poor weather conditions.Crashed, turned over and sank off Malta during delivery flight to Australia.Destroyed by fire during maintenance.The SM-95B aircraft named "Ugolino Vivaldi" departed Paris at 10:16 for a flight to Rome. At 14:36 the crew reported over the Civitavecchia beacon at 6500 feet. A few minutes later, the aircraft was then seen descending in flames rapidly. The plane banked to the left heavily and crashed. The same aircraft on the same route with the same pilot on board had experienced a similar accident on 17 May 1949 near Lyon and had made a successful emergency landing at Lyon Airport with a two-meter right wing tip section missing.The Catalina flying boat was the first of six to be handed over from the US Navy the Dutch Navy, MLD. It was ferried to the Aviolanda factory and landed in the Oude Maas river. The Catalina drifted to the right after touchdown landing, so the pilot added power on engine no. 2 but this engine did not immediately respond. The pilot then added full power on both engines in order to go around. Before it was able to lift off the Catalina had struck the ground. It ran onto solid ground and sustained substantial damage.The Neptune ditched in heavy seas after take off from Okinawa-Naha Naval Air Station, Japan.Damaged beyond repair in takeoff accident.Disappeared during a flight from Lima to Arequipa Peru.Disappeared during a flight from Lima to Arequipa Peru.Crashed in poor weather.Crashed into hill.Flight 115 originated at Minneapolis, Minnesota, for Seattle, Washington, with several scheduled stops including Billings, Montana, and Spokane, Washington. It departed Minneapolis at 01:10, on schedule, made two planned stops, and arrived at Billings at 05:12, eight minutes behind schedule because of head winds. Crashed into Bukit Besar mountain.National Airlines Flight 83 departed Newark at 13:33 for Norfolk with a scheduled stop at Philadelphia. At 13:54 the flight reported over Northeast Philadelphia at 4,000 feet and was cleared by Approach Control to descend, crossing the Philadelphia range station at 3,000 feet. It was also advised that the altitude was unrestricted after passing the range station, and that it was cleared to make a straight-in approach to runway 09 With the above clearance, local weather was given precipitation ceiling 500 feet, sky obscured, visibility 1, 1/4 miles, snow and smoke, and wind south-southwest two miles per hour. Following this clearance, the flight descended and reported over the Philadelphia range station at 3,000 feet, was again cleared for an approach to runway 09, and was advised to report leaving thousand-foot levels. The flight acknowledged and reported leaving 3,000 feet at 14:04, but no report of leaving 2,000 feet was received by Approach Control. According to the captain, they then proceeded to the outer marker and executed a procedure turn. At 14:08 the flight reported over the outer marker, inbound, and stated that it was at 1,600 feet and descending. A clearance was immediately reissued to land on runway 09, and the wind was given as south-southwest, three miles per hour. The flight was advised that the glide path was inoperative, that a 2,000-foot extension to the west end of the runway was under construction, and that braking action on runway 09 was poor-to-fair. According to tower personnel this transmission was acknowledged. The crew, however, stated that they did not receive it. The flight continued its approach past the middle marker to the airport, and was first observed by ground witnesses beneath the overcast and directly over the intersection of runways 4/22 and 9/27, located approximately 1,200 feet east of the threshold of runway 09. The aircraft was next seen to descend steeply, flare out for a landing in a normal manner, and float a considerable distance After making contact with the runway the aircraft continued straight ahead, passed beyond the end of the runway, and crashed into a ditch at the east boundary of the airport. Fire immediately followed.The crew bailed out after suffering an engine failure.The Li-2 cargo plane was descending towards Kazan Airport when it entered clouds and icing conditions. The cockpit windshields became covered with ice. During the approach to the airport, the airplane's right wing hit the top of a radio communications mast at a height of about 130 m. Part of the right wing broke off and the airplane continued for 220-250 meters before crashed into a field. The top part, 18 metres, of the mast was not lit, the rest of the tower was only lit by two lights.Damaged beyond repair.The USMC Douglas C-54 departed Elmendord AFB (EDF) on a flight to Great Falls (GFA). It took Amber Airway No.2 over Canada, but failed to arrive at its destination. Last radio contact was at 17:09 near Snag, YT. The wreckage still had not been found by 1951.The aircraft swung and crashed on takeoff.Crashed into a 4600 feet high mountain.Missing.The DC-4 was destroyed by fire during maintenance work in a hangar at Paris-Orly. During work on an engine, an electrical lamp fell in a recovery tub of oil and fuel. The glass of the lamp broke and ignited the mixture of fuel and oil. The flames reached the left wing before the firemen extinguished the fire.Crashed in poor weather. One woman was killed on the ground.Flew into the side of a mountain.The DC-3 was damaged beyond repair following a gear collapse on takeoff.Crashed.Takeoff accident due to engine failure.A Lisunov Li-2 transport plane was destroyed when it crashed near Sverdlovsk (now: Ekaterinburg). All 13 passengers and six crew members were killed.A Consolidated Liberator airplane, F-BEFX, crashed 37 km southwest of N'Gaoundéré, Cameroon, killing all eight aboard.The Neptune was damaged beyond repair at NAS Kodiak, AK.The DC-3 was low on the approach to Nagpur runway 27. The aircraft suddenly banked to the left, struck trees and crashed 2000 feet short of the runway threshold.Viking G-AHPI flew into the north slope of the La Cinta mountain range at an altitude of 1040 m.The C-47A transport plane was damaged beyond repair when it impacted terrain near Curuzu Cuatia Airport, CR (UZU), Argentina. The airplane was approaching the airport with one engine shut down as a result of an in-flight fire.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.A Curtiss C-46D transport plane, 44-77508, was the ninth in a formation of 17 that took off from Wheeler-Sack AAF, NY. It carried a crew of four and 32 paratroopers.At 00:13 Newark Control Tower gave the flight taxi clearance to runway 24, stating the wind was south, variable at six mph, and altimeter 29.92. At approximately 00:17 the flight advised the tower that it was ready for takeoff. Takeoff clearance was issued, and the controller observed the aircraft taxi into takeoff position and proceed down the runway in a normal manner, becoming airborne at 00:18 after a roll of approximately 3,200 feet. The climb-out appeared normal until the aircraft passed the vicinity of the Newark Range Station. At that point the no. 3 propeller reversed in flight. The plane veered to the right. Since it occurred at low altitude end low airspeed the crew did not have much time to make a correct analysis of the difficulty. Their attention might well have been directed to the outboard (no. 4) engine which in the event of loss of power would produce a more severe yaw than would an inboard engine. The pilot then decided to feather the no. 4 propeller and the copilot radioed: "I lost an engine and am returning to the field." The flight was immediately cleared to land on runway 06, which clearance was at once amended to land on any runway desired. The DC-4 lost altitude and crashed in Elizabeth near the intersection of Scotland Road and Westminster Avenue.Stalled on climb out.Belly landing following engine fire.Belly landing following engine fire.The plane was reported flying in a formation of twelve C-82s when it caught fire five miles west of its base. All five crew members bailed out and the airplane crashed in a village.Damaged beyond repair following a crash-landing on a golf course in heavy snow. The airplane had almost completed a ferry flight from Kenya via Prestwick, UK.The DC-4 overran the runway on landing, coming to rest in a ditch. Fire destroyed the aircraft.The SA-16 Albatross was abandoned by the crew when one engine failed while over Death Valley. The airplane continued until impacting a steep slope west of Towne Peak.Crashed after engine failure. The airplane operated on a test flight, killing the Vice-President of Aerodex who was piloting the plane.Flight 6780 originated at Buffalo, New York, for Newark, New Jersey, with stops scheduled at Rochester, New York, and Syracuse, New York. The first two legs of the flight were uneventful. At 14:01 the airplane departed Syracuse and climbed to the assigned cruising altitude of 7000 feet. The flight reported over Paterson, New Jersey at 15:21 at 7,000 feet and was cleared to descend. At 15:39, at an altitude of 1500 feet, the flight was told it could start its approach inbound from Linden. The flight reported leaving Linden inbound at 1541, and was instructed to listen to advisories from Ground Control Approach on the frequency of the localizer voice transmission and cleared to land on runway 06. At five miles out the flight was 900 feet left off course, but the Newark radar controller guided the crew for the approach. At three and a half miles out the plane drifted to the right until it was 900 feet off course. The airplane continued off course and descended until it crashed and burned at the approximate corner of the intersection of Williamson and South Streets in Elizabeth, New Jersey. This position is about 2,100 feet to the right (southeast) of the glide path and about 3-3/8 miles from the touch-down point on runway 06.Ditched following runaway engine.The Valetta was parked at RAF Kasfareet and the no. 1 engine was being run up in preparation for departure. Then the aircraft nosed over against the brakes. It fell back, causing severe damage to the tail.Damaged in takeoff in rough seas.On a routine resupply mission to Seoul Air Base (K-16), the airplane suffered a possible prop blade failure. Northeast Flight 801 originated at Boston for LaGuardia Field. It departed Boston at 07:45. The flight proceeded uneventfully at its assigned altitude of 6,000 feet MSL in instrument weather with almost continuous rain. At approximately 08:45, the flight contacted LaGuardia approach control. Ten minutes later it was cleared to leave New Rochelle, inbound, and shortly was instructed to make a 360-degree turn to assure separation from a preceding aircraft. The flight acknowledged and complied. At 08:58 it reported leaving New Rochelle and was cleared for an approach to runway 22, and at 08:59, was told that Ground Control Approach advisories were available. The flight acknowledged, and then was given the 09:00 LaGuardia weather, ceiling 1,700 feet and visibility 1 1/2 miles. Flight 801 reported leaving the LaGuardia range at 09:00 and was cleared to land on runway 22. There was no further message from the flight. At 09:03 it struck the glassy surfaced water of Flushing Bay some 3,600 feet from the approach end of runway 22. Passengers and crew, who had climbed out through the emergency exits and who were standing on and holding to the fast sinking aircraft, were taken aboard a motorboat and then transferred to a tugboat that arrived shortly.General Airways Flight 785 departed Portland at 02:00, destined for Merrill Field, Anchorage with a cargo of produce consisting mainly of crated eggs. A refueling stop was made at Annette, Alaska at 07:09. The flight delayed at Annette for two hours and twenty-two minutes, awaiting improvement of weather conditions at Anchorage. Weather conditions en route included temperatures around -10 degrees C with freezing drizzle. The freezing drizzle changed to snow at about 09:05, and the pilots made preparations to continue the flight. Flight 785 departed Annette at 09:31. Flight 785 reported by Cape Spencer at 11:47, 9,000 feet, estimating over Yakutat at 12:45. This was the last radio contact with N21748. The wreckage was located the next day on the side of Mount Crillon about 30 miles from the center of Amber Airway No. 1, on a bearing of 36 degrees and 46 miles from Cape Spencer intersection.The DC-3 (named 'Saint Kevin') departed Northolt Airport at 17:25 for an IFR flight to Dublin. Last radio contact with the flight was around 19:15 when the flight requested a descent. The request was granted by the Dublin controller, but the clearance was not read back by the DC-3 crew.Not providedA Lockheed P2V-2 Neptune (122443) operated by the United States Navy undershot the runway during a hot landing at RAF Burtonwood and collided with a USAF Douglas C-47 (42-100912). One crew member on the Neptune and Six others on the C-47 were killed. Fifteen others were injured, 11 on the Neptune and 4 on the C-47.The no. 2 engine failed immediately after takeoff. Returning to the airport, the DC-3 lost height and crash-landed.Flight 324, was a flight from Tokyo, Japan, to McChord AFB, via Shemya and Anchorage. It departed Elmendorf AFB at 21:11 for the IFR flight to McChord AFB. The flight climbed to the 10,000-foot assigned altitude and at 22:13, shortly after passing Middleton Island, requested permission to descend to 8,000 feet. ARTC cleared the flight to descend and the new cruising altitude was reached at 22:22. The trip was uneventful until opposite Sitka, Alaska, when the pilot reported, at 00:03, that no. 1 propeller had been feathered. The prop had been feathered due to a "broken" oil cooler and the pilot decided to divert to Sandspit. The flight was cleared to that point and proceeded without further incident on three engines. The aircraft touched down at a point about one-third down the runway. After a short roll, power was applied at about the mid-point of the strip and the aircraft took off, barely clearing a low fence and driftwood which was approximately two feet high at the end of the runway. The aircraft, at near stalling speed during the attempted climb-out, settled into the water, bounced, and came to rest 26 degrees to the left and approximately 4,500 feet from the end of the runway. All or nearly all of the passengers evacuated the aircraft, with no known serious injuries. However, air and water temperatures were near freezing; drowning and exposure accounted for 36 fatalities.Crashed into a mountain on a flight from Delhi to Dhaka. The pilot had descended in poor visibility in order to ascertain his position.Crashed.The left hand engine of the C-119C transport plane broke off following an explosion. The four crew members bailed out safely.The Junkers took off from Tucumán at 17:40 for a locust control spraying flight in the mountains near San Pedro de Colalao. The aircraft carried 2400 liters of gasoline, 180 liters of oil and 1000 liters of liquid locust spray. After making two spraying runs the pilot turned towards the ravine. The pilot than saw a swarm of locusts in flight near the crop. At low altitude, while making a left turn to follow the course of the ravine when the port wing struck a tree. The aircraft crashed into the woods and caught fire.Damaged beyond repair when it landed short of the runway at Cagayan de Oro, Philippines.Bradley Field was the first intermediate stop of a cargo flight from New York to Chicago. On an IFR flight plan, the C-46 departed New York at 01:01 and climbed to the cruising altitude of 3,000 feet. At 01:39 the pilot advised Bradley Approach Control that the aircraft had just passed Hartford and that he would maintain 3,000 feet to the Bradley Field outer marker. The flight was then cleared for an instrument approach to runway 06. Weather information was given as: Wind indicating northeast calm, ceiling indefinite 500 feet, obscurement, visibility one and one-half miles, light rain and fog, altimeter 30.01 inches. The pilot was then requested to report over the outer marker when inbound and was advised that the Bradley Field glide path was inoperative until further notice. At 01:41, the pilot reported problems intercepting the localizer and decided to continue to make an ADF let-down. The flight reported over the outer marker at 01:44 and was cleared to land. The aircraft was seen and heard flying low to the southwest of Bradley Field. The airplane was flying at low altitude when the left wing struck a tree approximately 70 feet in height, and was torn off. The remaining portion of the wing then struck a second tree 112 feet further away, and was torn off. As the aircraft cut a swath through the trees, it described a complete roll to the left.The Comet aircraft, named "Empress of Hawaii" and on a delivery flight to Canadian Pacific, did not become airborne on takeoff and crashed into the dry bed of a river. CF-CUN was the first passenger jetliner involved in a fatal accident.Reportedly damaged beyond repair in an accident.The operated on a flight from Bermuda to Lajes, Azores over the Atlantic Ocean. The flight continued normally, cruising at 11,000-ft. At 13:32Z a sudden power loss occurred on the starboard engine. The BMEP dropped from 145 to 70 and manifold pressure from 31" to 17". The pilot decided to return to Bermuda.Crash-landed after engine failure.Crashed into mountains in Japan in bad weather.The Varsity was involved in a night time training flight. In the first session both pilots had carried out four circuits. After the next takeoff the airplane turned downwind. Probably because of other traffic in the circuit, the pilot attempted to take avoiding action. He lost control and the airplane crashed.Crashed during a GCA approach in snow storm.Landed short of runway.A C-46 transport plane operated by the Egyptian Air Force crashed in the desert east of Cairo, Egypt. Local press reports indicate that 30 occupants died. Three were injured and two escaped uninjured.Forced landing due to engine failure near Roma-Urbe.The Douglas C-47 transport plane sustained substantial damage when it crash-landed gear-up shortly after takeoff from Valkenburg Air Base, the Netherlands.Reported damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair in landing accident.Crashed into Ryukyuan Mountain, Japan.Crashed into Ryukyuan Mountain, Japan.Flight 470 originated at Miami, for New Orleans, with one stop scheduled at Tampa. From Miami the VFR flight was uneventful, with departure at 14:15, with the Tampa landing at 15:15. The flight took off from Tampa at 15:43 for an IFR flight across the Gulf of Mexico to New Orleans. Cruising altitude was FL145. At 16:49, Flight 470 reported passing over NA-2 check point at 16:45 at 14,500 feet, and estimated being over NA-1 at 17:10. It also reported, "Thunderstorms all quadrants..." Pensacola radio received and acknowledged this message, and advised the flight of "severe turbulence" between NA-1 and New Orleans as reported by a DC-6 crew that had landed ahead of Flight 470. At 16:54, the flight advised Pensacola that it was reducing power because of turbulence and five minutes later requested Air Route Traffic Control clearance to descend from 14,500 feet to 4,500 feet. This was granted within a minute or so. At 17:03, the Flight advised Pensacola of passing through 10,000 feet, and at 17:12, advised that it had reached 4,500 feet at 17:10. Pensacola repeated this message back to the flight and gave it the 16:48 New Orleans special weather: measured 800 feet overcast, visibility 10 miles, wind north-northeast 25 mph, with gusts to 34, the altimeter 29.61; barometer unsteady. The flight acknowledged and there were no further radio contacts. The aircraft had apparently crashed in the Gulf of Mexico. Some wreckage and bodies were found the next day, but the majority of the wreckage was found on May 20.The C-54 operated on a flight from Abidjan (ABJ), Ivory Coast, to Paris, France with en route stops at Casablanca and Bordeaux.The airplane was destroyed by the Vietcong.Landing accident- damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Destroyed by Vietminh rebels.Destroyed by Vietminh rebels.The C-47 transport plane flew into the side of a mountain at an elevation of 8,000 ft. The accident occurred in snow and low overcast conditions. The plane had drifted off the prescribed course and no wind drift correction had been made.An attempt to land on one engine was made. Following a hard landing on one wheel, full power was applied by the instructor because of another aircraft had entered the runway. The engine failed on climbout and the C-46 struck the mast of a ship, causing it to crash into the sea.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The flying boat porpoised on takeoff. It dived and crashed.Western Air Lines Flight 34 departed from Salt Lake City (SLC) at 08:50. The Convair proceeded IFR to Rapid City Regional Airport, SD (RAP). The flight reported as being over the Wright intersection at 10:25, at 17,000 feet, estimating Rapid City at 10:50. Weather conditions in the area probably included moderate to heavy icing and moderate to severe turbulence. The Convair suddenly entered a rapid descent and struck the ground at high speed.Crashed during a test flight to attempt to determine the cause of an earlier DC-3 accident at Nagpur on December 12, 1953Crashed during a test flight to attempt to determine the cause of an earlier DC-3 accident at Nagpur on December 12, 1953Flew into the side of the cloud-shrouded Gunung Ledang, also known as Mount Ophir (1276 m high).Flew into the side of the cloud-shrouded Gunung Ledang, also known as Mount Ophir (1276 m high).Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The Valetta was on a singe engine approach to RAF Changi when it lost height, contacted trees and crashed. The airplane caught fire.Flew into the side of a 3600 ft high mountain at night.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Transport airplane crashed in jungle.Belly landing after engine failure.Destroyed by shelling. Some reports give a date of February 13, 1953. A Lloyds' report dated 19 February 1954 states a date of 13.02.1954.Crashed into the sea off the Maltese island of Gozo while exercising with a submarine.Crashed in mountains following engine failure. All crew bailed out safely.Crashed and caught fire.The C-47D transport plane crashed on a snow covered hillside in Alaska. Six men were rescued by bush pilots.Ditched in dense fog.Crashed on takeoff due to engine failure. At least one killed.Damaged beyond repair in an accident when a main gear leg broke when the ski ran into a crevasse on the Greenland ice cap.Crashed.The York struck a snow bank at Hall Lake.The Air-India Constellation (named "Kashmir Princess") departed Hong Kong at 04:25 GMT for a flight to Jakarta. On board were Chinese and east European delegates, mainly journalists, to attend the Asia-Afro Bandung conference. Crashed on takeoff.Crashed during a night takeoff in Willoughby Bay when it crashed into a seawall at 					NAS Norfolk, .Some 6 minutes after takeoff from Düsseldorf the no. 1 propeller went into reverse. The prop could not be feathered, so the pilot-in-command decided to return to the airport. The approach had to be abandoned due to low clouds and control problems. A missed approach procedure was carried out, but altitude was lost. High tension wires ahead forced the captain to extend the flaps to 20deg to lift over them. This evasive manoeuvre worked, but the aircraft then stalled and crashed.The DC-6, named "Mainliner Idaho", took off from New York-Idlewild at 14:28 for a captain instrument proficiency check flight in the vicinity of Islip. At 15:27 the flight was cleared for an ILS approach to Islip-MacArthur Field. After landing the crew were cleared to taxi into position at runway 32. Takeoff clearance was given at 15:48 and 15:50. When climbing through 50 feet the right wing dipped and the DC-6 turned to the right. The climbing turn continued with an increasing bank angle. Bank angle was about 90deg when climbing through 150 feet. Control was lost and the aircraft dived into the ground. A fire broke out.The Li-2 operated on a flight from Mys Zhelaniya on Novaya Zemlya to Dikson Island in support of the Arctic expedition "Sever-7" when the crew was ordered to land on the ice near Mys Zhelaniya for training purposes. The skis of the main landing gear broke through the ice during the landing run. All 7occupants escaped unhurt, but the aircraft could not be recovered in time and sank during a storm on April 6, 1955.Struck a hill 2 miles short of the runway while on an instrument approach.The C-46 crashed into the sea while flying through an area with thunderstorm activity and turbulence.The aileron control locked, causing the airplane to swing on landing. The undercarriage collapsed.The C-119 lost control during a training flight. All six crew men bailed out at 4000 feet. The airplane crashed into a heavily wooded area.Damaged beyond repair in accident.Control was lost during an attempted overshoot. A wing hit the ground and the airplane carthwheeled, catching fire. The Lancastrian was flying on behalf of Rolls Royce at the time.The Dakota landed too far down a wet runway. The aircraft overran and came to rest in a ditch.One engine caught fire after which the remaining engine lost power. The Varsity crash-landed.The no. 3 engine and propeller tore loose from the wing, causing severe control difficulties. The aircraft was eventually ditched 35 miles off the Oregon coast. The Boeing, named "Clipper United States", sank after 20 minutes in water of about 1600 m deep.The R6D-1, a Navy derivative of the DC-6, was flying Air Force, Army and Navy personnel from Tokyo to Fairfield-Travis AFB, CA. An intermediate stop was made at Honolulu-Hickam AFB, HI (HIK). After takeoff from Hickam AFB, the airplane suffered radio problems and the crew decided to return to the air base.Struck ground 0,25 miles short while flying visually below low clouds.Struck high tension wires immediately after takeoff from runway 31. Reportedly nine on board were killed.Flight 120 took off from Jan Smuts Airport at 11:15 for a flight to Salisbury. The Vickers Viking undershot the Salisbury runway 27 on final approach, causing severe damage to the right hand undercarriage and (no. 2) engine. The aircraft finally came to rest 300-400yds further on.The C-53 transport plane returned to Nairobi after the left engine had lost power. The aircraft did not make it back to the airport and the pilots had to make a forced landing. It struck trees and power lines and caught fire.The C-53 transport plane returned to Nairobi after the left engine had lost power. The aircraft did not make it back to the airport and the pilots had to make a forced landing. It struck trees and power lines and caught fire.Crashed after takeoff from Phonesavanh Airport (also known as Phong Savanh), Laos.Crashed. Mechanic killed, pilot seriously injured.Crashed near Cullman, AL after the 11 crew bailed out.Crashed.The C-82 Packet plane operated on spraying missions in Florida. It had just completed a low-level mission against an infestation of Mediterranean fruit fly and was being ferried back from Miami-Masters Field, FL to Boca Raton Public Airport, FL (BCT). At an altitude of 200 feet smoke began to appear from the no. 2 engine. The aircraft was in a banking turn at the time and subsequently plummeted to the ground bursting into flames, the pilot having lost control due to differential thrust while the aircraft was in a turning manoeuvre.Impacted Mount Pindaya.The Britavia Handley Page Hermes tried to land at the wrong airfield, Drigh Road instead of Karachi, in heavy rain. The aircraft undershot the runway.The Valetta lost directional control, causing the undercarriage to collapse.Not providedDamaged beyond repair in an accident.A Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar crashed into the sea during a local flight out of Ashiya Air Base, Japan.The airplane departed Buenos Aires at 05:15 on a regular flight to Río Cuarto. It climbed to the cruising altitude of 4500 feet. At 07:03 the crew contacted Río Cuarto Tower and obtained weather information. Weather was below minima, but the crew decided to attempt an IFR approach and began their descent. The airplane descended below MDA until it flew into terrain.The Convair was on delivery from San Diego to Zürich via New York, Gander and Shannon. The crew broke off their GCA runway 23 approach after establishing visual reference, and turned for a runway 05 approach. The Convair banked sharply, dropped and crashed.At 06:38, following a period of engine rump on the parking ramp, the Lodestar pilot called the King Salmon tower for taxi and takeoff information. The duty controller cleared it to runway 11 and furnished the latest wind and altimeter conditions: Wind east-northeast 8; altimeter 29.90. N45378 was cleared directly onto runway 11 where several persons saw it pause one to two minutes and heard its propellers run through one or two times. The takeoff was started at 06:42 and the aircraft took off and climbed to between 75 and 100 feet. The landing gear remained extended during that climb. The climb continued normally although somewhat steeper to between 150 and 200 feet, at which time the climb of the aircraft steepened rapidly but smoothly until it was nearly vertical. At the peak of the climb the aircraft pivoted counterclockwise, plunged to the ground, and exploded. An intense fuel-fed fire followed.Flight ET 3 departed Athens at 22:36 for a flight to Addis Ababa via Khartoum. The first leg of the flight was uneventful and the flight departed Khartoum at 05:55 GMT. At 06:10 the aircraft was climbing through FL105 to the cruising altitude of FL175 when the no. 2 engine fire warning light for zones 2 and 3 came on and the warning bell rang. The engine was feathered and the CO2 bottle fired. An explosion occurred however, followed by a violent fire, forcing the crew to make a gear-up forced landing on a large flat cultivated area. The aircraft skidded for 1020 feet before coming to rest. Just before the forced landing (at 1000 feet height) the no. 2 engine had dropped clear of the aircraft, causing severe buffeting and sharp lowering of the left wing.Ditched in sea. Radio-operator missing.Not providedCrashed while on a survey flight. The wreckage was not found until 27 July 1957.The DC-3 crashed on tidal flats in the Bay of Bengal.Eastern Air Lines DC-7B N808D had just returned from a training flight and taxied to the maintenance hangar. Near the hangar the airplane collided with a parked Eastern Air Lines Lockheed L-1049 (N6212C). Fuel leaked and a massive fire erupted.Destroyed by fire in ground collision with Eastern Air Lines Douglas DC-7 N808D.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Crashed under unknown circumstances.Overshot runway; damaged beyond repair.Crashed while trying to land at Horn Island runway 08 following engine problems. The airplane was operating on survey flights over the bauxite field at Weipa Mission.Some 5 minutes after takeoff from Port Hardy, the crew reported they were returning because of elevator control problems. A long final approach to runway 15 was carried out. The DC-3 bounced on touchdown and was then seen to make an exceptionally sharp climb. At the top of the climb the aircraft stalled and crashed in a nose-down attitude, bursting into flames.The flight took off at 06:25 for the second of a series of 6 training flights to upgrade 2 co-pilots to captain. Some 1 and 15 minutes after takeoff, the students were to make a 'canyon approach'-simulation, which simulates the letting down to an airport surrounded by obstructions followed by an emergency pull-up. In this simulation the student flies a rectangular approach pattern followed by an in range cockpit check. The flaps are lowered one half and the speed reduced to 95 knots before selecting gear down and full flaps. With power off he descends 1000 feet, holding 95 knots. At 200 feet above simulated airport elevation (generally 3000 feet msl) he levels off, applies full power, orders gear and flaps up before starting a 85 knots maximum performance climb. At this point the instructor may, at his discretion cut an engine. The student then has to complete an emergency procedure and continue climbing at 85 knots for 300 feet. Speed is increased to 95 knots before making a 180deg standard turn. At some point during this simulation, the aircraft stalled and entered a spin. The aircraft crashed almost straight down through a group of trees, landing on top of an automobile. It was determined that the flaps were retracted and the gear down and locked at impact.Damaged beyond repair.Flew into a mountainside in fog.Damaged in storm when a hangar collapsed.Damaged in storm when a hangar collapsed.The DC-3 departed Zurich at 08:57 on a training flight. Purpose of the flight was to train airline pilot candidates (VFR flight exercises in cutting of one engine and feathering and unfeathering the prop in cruise) and to perform some Swissair planning department tests for a revision of the DC-3 performance table.The aircraft suffered a violent deceleration, water-looped to port and sank on a mud bank. The accident was due to the failure of the hull for reasons undetermined.Flight LO 232 departed Warsaw for a flight to Moscow carrying 5 crewmembers, 8 passengers and 819 kg of mail and cargo. Due to bad weather in the area near Moscow, the flight was instructed to descend, and passed Klimentievo (75 km West of Moscow-Vnukovo Airport) at 400 m. The crew contacted Vnukovo ATC and were instructed to descend to 300 m. A little later, at 23:07, the flight was cleared for an instrument approach. The flight crew acknowledged this, but failed to adhere to the prescribed procedure. The aircraft descended below safe altitude and struck the ground. Weather in the area was: very low ceiling, heavy turbulence, distant lightning and driving rain.The Valetta stalled on finals and hit the ground. The tailwheel collapsed.Collided with THK Republic F-84G Thunderjet (51-10884) and crashed into the sea.The C-47B crashed on takeoff from Albertville (now) Kalemie. A propeller separated and sliced through the fuselage, killing the flight engineer. The airplane caught fire.After takeoff the Li-2 suffered engine problems and the captain decided to turn back. Just before runway 31L the plane ran into a bomb crater.The C-47A transport plane crashed while attempting an emergency landing on a small airstrip after engine trouble. The aircraft impacted wooded terrain. Two occupants were killed, two were injured and five were unhurt.Impacted a mountainside in the Sierra de Javalambre range.A USAF Curtiss C-46D transport plane, 44-78505 (msn 44-78505), crashed at Chungju (K-41) Air Base in South Korea. The airplane struck and damaged two other C-46 aircraft, 44-78270 (msn 33666) and 44-78462 (msn 22285).A USAF Curtiss C-46D transport plane, 44-78505 (msn 44-78505), crashed at Chungju (K-41) Air Base in South Korea. The airplane struck and damaged two other C-46 aircraft, 44-78270 (msn 33666) and 44-78462 (msn 22285).The Curtiss Commando was overloaded by 1100 lb when takeoff from runway 31 was attempted using insufficient engine power (47 inches manifold pressure and 2700 RPM). The aircraft became airborne approximately half-way down the runway, which is 5,730 feet in length. Crashed.Crashed.The C-46 Commando transport plane departed São Paulo-Congonhas Airport, SP (CGH), Brazil at 07:00 hours on a cargo flight to the north of the country. There were three crew members on board. The airplane was flying past Pouso Alegre, MG when the airplane suffered unspecified problems with an engine.Crashed and burned after takeoff. The airplane carried supplies of The Sunday Herald newspaper.A Lockheed P2V-2 Neptune (122443) operated by the United States Navy undershot the runway during a hot landing at RAF Burtonwood and collided with a USAF Douglas C-47 (42-100912). One crew member on the Neptune and Six others on the C-47 were killed. Fifteen others were injured, 11 on the Neptune and 4 on the C-47.Forced landing due to mechanical failure.Crashed in sea, shortly after takeoff. The Catalina came to rest partly submerged.Upon gear retraction after takeoff from Changi Airport, the airplane pitched up steeply and the elevators jammed. The Valetta was nearly stalling when the pilot quickly closed the throttles. The aircraft descended nose down and power was added. The pilot managed to regain enough control of the aircraft to perform a ditching off the airport.Crashed.The Curtiss C-46 transport plane took off from Bogotá-Techo Airport, Colombia on a domestic cargo flight to Cartagena and Barranquilla. Immediately after takeoff the left hand engine quit. The crew carried out a forced landing in the Santa Lucia suburb of Bogotá.A Shorts S.25 Sunderland 3 flying boat, registered G-AGKY, sustained substantial damage in an aborted takeoff off Calshot, Isle of Wight.A Shorts S.25 Sunderland 3 flying boat, registered G-AGKY, sustained substantial damage in an aborted takeoff off Calshot, Isle of Wight.Lost control and crashed in mountainous terrain near Sinnai, following the failure of the left wing.Not providedNot providedNot providedBelly landed at Burbank and caught fire.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.The Varsity was approaching RAF Swinderby in misty conditions. The aircraft was high on the approach as it passed the Outer Marker at 750 feet instead of 600 feet. The pilot increased the rate of descent, but could not timely arrest the descent. He advanced the power levers in an attempt to go around, but the airplane impacted the ground short of the runway.Ran out of fuel when returning to the airport because of bad weather at the destination. Crash-landed.Shot down by Chinese Communist Forces. The crew was rescued by US Navy Martin Mariner 84738.Fuel exhaustion; crew bailed out.Crashed on rocky terrain while on finals to Harmon AFB (YJT).Valetta VX562 departed Malta on a flight to the U.K. Over sea an RAF Lancaster GR.3 (TX270) was engaged in a anti-submarine exercise. Both aircraft probably collided at an altitude of 1500 feet in poor visibility conditions which included heavy rain and hail.Damaged beyond repair.The Hastings transport plane climbed away in steep turns after takeoff. At a height of about 2000 feet the starboard elevator broke away, followed by the port elevator and the tailplane. The aircraft lost control and crashed into the ground.The Hastings transport plane climbed away in steep turns after takeoff. At a height of about 2000 feet the starboard elevator broke away, followed by the port elevator and the tailplane. The aircraft lost control and crashed into the ground.Stalled and crashed.DC-3 XY-ACL operated on the domestic route Rangoon-Dawei (also known as Tavoy)-Myeik (also known as Mergui) when it approached Mergui runway 01. On finals the left wing of the aircraft struck trees. Control was lost and the aircraft landed heavily 820 feet from the runway threshold, causing the no. 2 engine to separate from its mounts. The DC-3 came to rest 475 feet from the threshold, 50 feet from the edge of the runway. Fire destroyed the forward part of the fuselage.Flying Tiger's Flight 841 was a ferry flight from Burbank to Seattle, to pick up military personnel. An intermediate stop was made at San Francisco, from where it departed at 17:37. The enroute part of the flight was uneventful and Seattle ARTC then cleared the flight to descend to and maintain 9,000 feet. The flight was later cleared down to 7,000 feet until approach control cleared the plane to make a standard range approach to Boeing Field and requested to report leaving each 1,000-foot level during the descent. The following weather information was given the flight at this time: "Boeing Field - 1800 scattered, 2200 overcast, 8 miles, wind south-southeast 22, gusts to 30, altimeter 2925; Seattle-Tacoma - measured 1900 broken with 3100 over-cast." Flight 841 acknowledged this clearance and reported leaving 7,000 feet at 20:40. Two minutes later it reported being over the outer marker and leaving the 6,000-foot level. No report of leaving the 5,000-foot level was made and at 20:45 the flight advised it was leaving 4,000 feet. When the latter was acknowledged by approach control the flight was further advised as follows: "If you're not VFR by the time you reach the range you can shuttle on the northwest course at 2,000 feet, it's possible you'll break out in the vicinity of Boeing Field for a south landing." The flight acknowledged at 20:50 and said it was leaving 3,000 feet. The last radio contact was when the crew acknowledged their clearance to contact Boeing Tower for landing instructions. The airplane descended until it struck a high tree on a mountain ridge at an elevation of 1,620 feet. Following impact with the tree the aircraft continued flying and finally struck the ground in a canyon 1500 feet below, at the base of Squak Mountain and caught fire.The Curtiss was chartered to fly military personnel from Seattle to Fort Jackson, SC. A scheduled stop was planned in Cheyenne. The flight departed Boeing Field at 00:50 and made the required position reports along the route, with no mention of any irregularities, reporting over Malad City at 13,000 feet, time 03:58, and estimating Rock Springs at 04:45. There were no further radio contacts with the aircraft. The C-46 started picking up some ice. It is likely that an involuntary descent was made into an area of increasing ice and turbulence which extended two or three thousand feet above the mountains. The mountains between Malad City and Bear Lake range from 8.000 feet to in excess of 9,000 feet. The westerly winds were lifting the moist unstable air over those mountains, producing zero ceilings, moderate to seven turbulence, moderate to heavy icing and snow, with updrafts on the windward side of the slopes and downdrafts on the leeward sides. The aircraft was unable to regain altitude until it struck a small pine tree at an altitude of approximately 8,545 feet. It struck several other pine trees and began to disintegrate as it continued down the slope at an approximate 50-degree angle shearing numerous trees. Contact with the ground was made at the base of the hill at the north end of a 93-foot ravine where the aircraft gouged three large holes in the ground. The aircraft then continued up a 32-degree rise approximately 200 feet where the tail section came to rest. Five days later, on January 12, 1953, at 1320 hours, the wreckage was sighted from the air by a Civil Air Patrol pilot.The Viking aircraft "Lord St Vincent" crashed on approach to Belfast. It struck approach lights, an SBA van and the ILS building before breaking up.Reportedly damaged beyond repair in an accident.At 09:05 GMT the aircraft took off from Rome on a flight to Basra, part of a chartered flight from London to Karachi. Shortly before the aircraft arrived at Basra the visibility, which had been very good during the day, deteriorated, falling below the minima laid down by the operator for landings at that aerodrome. It was reported at the same time that the visibility at Baghdad, the alternate, had dropped below the minima for that aerodrome also and the captain decided to divert to Dhahran. However, the aircraft ran out of fuel before that airport could be reached, and, at 22:22 GMT, the pilot was compelled to make a forced landing in the desert approximately 17 miles from the airport. A full moon provided good visibility and the emergency wheels up landing was successful.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Some 7 minutes after takeoff the no. 3 engine oil temperature rose. The engine was shut down and relit when oil temperature had fallen. Following demonstration of a stall manoeuvre, the temperature again rose followed by a fire in the no. 3 engine nacelle. The fire could not be contained, so the no. 4 engine was stopped as a precautionary measure. On approach to Filton the no. 1 and 2 engines both quit. The were quickly restarted, but an emergency belly landing was made on the mud flats of the Severn Estuary.The airplane bounced on landing. The undercarriage was retracted to stop the plane.The airplane reportedly suffered an in-flight fire. The pilot attempted a ditched in the Tsugaru Straits between the islands of Honshu and Hokkaido, but the airplane crashed.Suffered a runway excursion when a wheel locked on landing. The airplane came to rest in a ditch. It was not repaired.The C-47 transport plane impacted terrain while turning onto finals at Apiay Air Base, Colombia.The undercarriage was retracted prior to the aircraft lifting off the runway. The DC-3 was damaged beyond repair in the resulting crash.Destroyed by fire following an emergency belly landing in a field.An engine caught fire. On landing the flying boat swung causing a float to break off. It burned out.Patrol Squadron Seven (VP-7) of the US Navy was returning to the U.S. after a deployment to NAS Iwakuni, Japan.The Varsity flew into the ground during a Blind Approach Beam System (BABS) approach at night. The airplane was serving with RAF 1 ANS.Elevator control failed after takeoff, causing the Valetta to climb steeply. The aircraft stalled and impacted farm terrain.The Zantop DC-3 was on a runway 21 ADF approach when it crashed.Immediately after becoming airborne the no. 1 propeller went into the feathered position. The crew were not able to restart the engine and unfeather the prop. A belly landing was carried out in a small clearing. Weather at the time of the accident included low ceiling, rain showers, turbulent air and gusts to 40 mph.Damaged beyond repair.The Neptune stalled on approach and struck a mound. The undercarriage collapsed.The PAL DC-6 was en route from Manila to London. After an enroute stop at Beirut, the plane continued IFR to Rome. Approaching Rome at 6500 feet the pilot lost control of the plane. The airplane crashed.Not providedNot providedCrashed into a mountain.The Grumman G-73 Mallard took off from a private duck hunting camp at Lower Mud Lake, LA at 16:35. The pilot was advised that of reported icing conditions at 4000 feet. There was light snow and fog at the Shreveport Airport. At 17:45 the pilot reported that he was at 2000 feet and that they had picked up "a load of ice".Comet G-ALYP left Rome-Ciampino Airport (CIA) at 09:31 UTC on a flight to London. After taking off the aircraft was in touch with Ciampino control tower by radio telephone and from time to time reported its position. These reports indicated that the flight was proceeding according to the B.O.A.C. flight plan and the last of them, which was received at 09:50, said that the aircraft was over the Orbetello Beacon. The captain of another B.O.A.C. aircraft, Argonaut G-ALHJ, gave evidence of communications which passed between him and G-ALYP. The last such message received by the Argonaut began " George How Jig from George Yoke Peter did you get my " and then broke off. At that time, approximately 09:51, the aircraft was probably approaching a height of 27,000 feet. The Comet descended and crashed into the sea off the Island of Elba.Four minutes after takeoff the aircraft lost height and hit a tree during a blizzard.Landing accident.Crashed in the cerro del Cabre mountain range, some 20 km from the destination Talpa.Crashed in the cerro del Cabre mountain range, some 20 km from the destination Talpa.A Douglas C-47 passenger plane operated by Avianca was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside during a domestic flight between Condoto and Cali, Colombia.A Douglas C-47 passenger plane operated by Avianca was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside during a domestic flight between Condoto and Cali, Colombia.Crashed into Cerro El Sabino eight minutes in flight.Crashed into Cerro El Sabino eight minutes in flight.The C-54 transport plane impacted the side of a mountain at 9000 feetOn approach to Vitória da Conquista Airport the landing gear was lowered. The undercarriage didn't lock, so the pilot-in-command made an overshoot. During the turn to the left to join the circuit, the DC-3 struck a pole, crashed and caught fire.Landed short of the runway, bounced and the right landing gear collapsed when it retouched the runway. The aircraft skidded down and off the runway to within 40 feet of six new C-119. It caught fire approximately five minutes after the crash and was totally destroyed.The IL-12 operated on a flight from Mys Kamenny to Moscow-Vnukovo with en route stops at Amderma and Arkhangelsk. Shortly after passing Mezen, en route to Arkhangelsk, the left engine caught fire. The crew initiated an emergency descent in preparation for a forced landing on the ice.The elevators were locked as the Hastings attempted to take off from RAF Boscombe Down. The airplane stalled at 200 feet and crashed.Crashed into the sea. Propeller malfunction caused the plane to go out of control. All crew members bailed out except for two. One of the crew who bailed out died after rescue by Japanese fishing boat.Crashed into mountain. All aboard killed.Accident. The Valetta operated on behalf of the Aden Communication Flight.The Sabena DC-6 departed Brussels (BRU), Belgium at 16:17 GMT on a scheduled flight to Rome (CIA), Italy.The Bristol 170 was flying at about 4000 feet altitude on its way to Calabar when it suddenly entered a steep, uncontrollable dive. The aircraft crashed on a densely wooded hillside.DC-3 VT-CVB took off from Nagpur at 03:48 for an airmail/passenger flight to Delhi. During a left turn on climb out, the aircraft struck the ground , disintegrated and burst into flames.The PBY-5 Catalina amphibian departed Bogotá on a mail and cargo flight to La Pedrera, Colombia. Intermediate stops were planned at Apia and Mitú.Central African Airways Flight 626 had just lifted off runway 09 at Salisbury when smoke entered the cockpit. The gear had just been retracted, but the pilot-in-command decided to belly land the aircraft immediately on the remaining runway. The propellers broke off. The no. 1 prop sliced through the fuselage, killing the flight engineer. The DC-3 overran the runway and came to rest across a railway line.Damaged beyond repair in a landing accident.The C-54 transport plane was short on fuel and was not able to reach Bermuda. The pilot ditched the plane near the Coast Guard cutter Coos Bay.Not providedNot providedThe Resort Airlines C-46 cargo plane descended below the ILS glide path while approaching Chattanooga and struck trees. Part of the left wing broke off and the aircraft crashed into the ground, coming to rest against a railroad embankment and a bridge.The DC-3 left Calcutta at 05:46 for a cargo flight to Guwahati. Last radio contact with the flight was when the crew reported 10 miles from the Guwahati airport. The crew did not report joining the circuit as requested. It appeared that the aircraft had crashed after hitting trees.Super Constellation 131639 departed Stephenville on a flight to Patuxent River NAS (NHK). While over Prince Edward Island the crew reported that two engines were out. A Boeing B-29 Superfortress escorted the plane back towards Stephenville, but lost visual contact with the plane.The flight was cleared for takeoff from runway 15R at London-Heathrow, for a departure on a flight to Athens-Hellinikon (LGAT) via Nice-Le Var (LFMN). However, in poor visibility (400 yards) the pilot selected runway 3, which was a disused runway. The runway did not have markings to show it was disused.Crashed in forced landing due severe icing.Not providedCrashed in the sea after the crew bailed out.DC-3 N999B departed Battle Creek at 07:33 for a VFR flight to Lexington, KY.DC-3 N999B departed Battle Creek (BTL) at 07:33 for a VFR flight to Lexington, KY (LEX). At 09:02 a TWA Martin 2-0-2 departed Cincinnati Airport (CVG) runway 22. While making a right turn after takeoff, the Martin collided with the DC-3 at or near the cloud base at an altitude of 700-900 feet. Crashed after engine failure. All 37 airborne infantrymen and three crew members bailed out before the airplane crashed.Flight 260 received an IFR clearance from the tower at 0703 hours: "ATC clears TWA260 for approach at the Santa Fe Airport via Victor 19 climb northbound on the back course of the ILS localizer". The flight departed Albuquerque at 0705 hours. The tower requested the flight to report over-the Weiler Intersection (formerly the Alameda Intersection), however, after taking off there were no further radio contacts with the flight. The aircraft was last seen at an estimated altitude of 3000 feet (8300 feet mean sea level) in a high speed shallow climb continuing its heading towards Sandia Ridge, the upper portion of which was obscured by clouds. The wreckage was sighted the following morning at 9243 feet mean sea level, just below the crest of Sandia Mountain, approximately 13 miles north-east of the Albuquerque Airport and almost directly on a straight line course of 30 degrees magnetic from that airport (elevation 5340 feet mean sea level) to the Santa. Fe Airport (elevation 6 344 feet mean sea level). The accident area is now unofficially called "TWA canyon".Two Avro Shackleton planes (WG531 and WL743) of RAF No. 42 Squadron departed RAF St Eval on a routine exercise off the Fastnet Rock, off Ireland. Two Avro Shackleton planes (WG531 and WL743) of RAF No. 42 Squadron departed RAF St Eval on a routine exercise off the Fastnet Rock, off Ireland. Seven hijackers demanded to be taken to West Germany.Windshear after departure; descended into forest and crashed.Crashed into river after double engine failure.Trans-Canada Air Lines Flight 304 was a scheduled passenger flight between Chicago, Illinois, and Montreal, Quebec with intermediate stops at Toronto and Ottawa, Ontario. Crashed on the bank of a river.Crashed in a wooded area after reporting one engine on fire.Crashed.A Douglas C-47B transport plane of the Czechoslovak Air Force operated on a flight from Pardubice to Prešov. While en route at 3000 m the airplane entered a storm in the vicinity of Zvolen. Wings and the elevator were damaged in the storm, leading to a loss of control by the pilot. All 21 on board were killed in the accident.Crashed.TWA Flight 2, a Lockheed L-1049 Super Constellation, took off from Los Angeles (LAX) at 09:01 PST for an IFR flight to Kansas City (MKC). After reporting "on top" of the clouds at 2400 feet the crew contacted Los Angeles ARTCC. Clearance was given to climb to 19000 feet. Immediately thereafter TWA 2 asked for a routing change to Daggett via Victor Airway 210, This was approved. At 09:21 Flight 2 reported that it was approaching Daggett and requested a change in flight plan altitude assignment from 19,000 to 21,000 feet. The request was not approved because of traffic at FL210 (United Flight 718). A request for 1000 on top was granted. At 09:59 Flight 2 reported its position through company radio at Las Vegas. It reported that it had passed Lake Mohave at 09:55, was 1,000 on top at 21,000 feet, and estimated it would reach the 321-degree radial of the Winslow omni range station (Painted Desert) at 10:31. This was the last radio communication with the flight. TWA Flight 2, a Lockheed L-1049 Super Constellation, took off from Los Angeles (LAX) at 09:01 PST for an IFR flight to Kansas City (MKC). After reporting "on top" of the clouds at 2400 feet the crew contacted Los Angeles ARTCC. Clearance was given to climb to 19000 feet. Immediately thereafter TWA 2 asked for a routing change to Daggett via Victor Airway 210, This was approved. At 09:21 Flight 2 reported that it was approaching Daggett and requested a change in flight plan altitude assignment from 19,000 to 21,000 feet. The request was not approved because of traffic at FL210 (United Flight 718). A request for 1000 on top was granted. At 09:59 Flight 2 reported its position through company radio at Las Vegas. It reported that it had passed Lake Mohave at 09:55, was 1,000 on top at 21,000 feet, and estimated it would reach the 321-degree radial of the Winslow omni range station (Painted Desert) at 10:31. This was the last radio communication with the flight. The Vickers Viking was damaged in a forced landing shortly after takeoff from Resistencia Airport, CH (RES), Argentina. The airplane had suffered an engine failure.A Lockheed L-1049 Super Constellation, named "Rafael Urdaneta", and operated by Linea Aeropostal Venezolana was destroyed in an accident in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of New York, USA. The airplane carried 64 passengers and ten crew members. All were killed.The left engine ran rough and fell off during a crop dusting flight. The pilot managed to control the plane and carried out an emergency landing at Middletown, NY.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The Transair Bristol 170 had landed on an ice strip on the east side of Hudson Bay. During the process of unloading the aircraft the right hand main undercarriage leg broke through the ice. Within a few hours the left leg also broke through the ice. Ice broke up and water currents damaged the aircraft. Some three weeks prior to this accident Pacific Western Bristol 170 CF-TFZ also broke through the ice - this time upon landing.Landed 400 feet short of the runway.The Valetta was a on a supply dropping mission when it stalled and crashed into a jungle-covered hillside.F-OAOU had an engine failure on approach, overshot and crashed after initiating a go-around. The date is also quoted as November 1956.The Bristol 170 was at the end of the landing run at Beaverlodge Lake when the left-hand undercarriage broke through the ice of the lake. The aircraft fell onto the left wing.A Douglas C-47 passenger plane, TG-AHA, operated by Aviateca crashed during a domestic flight in Guatemala. All but one of the 31 occupants were killed.Indian Airlines DC-3 VT-CCD undershot the Ahmedabad runway on landing. The aircraft bounced, stalled and crashed back onto the runway, causing the aircraft to be damaged beyond repair.Destroyed by fire.The Indian Airlines DC-3 touched down at Kathmandu at an excessive speed. The aircraft bounced and stalled. Go around power was applied, but remaining runway length was insufficient; the plane overran the end of the runway and went down a steep slope and crashed.Crashed during an emergency landing following an engine failure.The Avro York was being used to carry RAF personnel and their families to Habbaniyah (Iraq) via Malta. The main runway at Stansted was closed due to reconstruction work. A temporary runway parallel (5700 feet long) to the main runway was composed of the former taxiway with the addition of a strip on either side. During the takeoff run, at 300yds down the runway, the aircraft made a violent swing to the right. The captain decided to abort and closed the throttles; the no. 1 throttle, which was not fully closed, was pulled back by the first officer. The aircraft then ran off the side of the runway at a speed of about 45 knots. When it crossed a drain located 25 feet from the side of the runway, the undercarriage collapsed.The Il-14 operated on mail flight from Moscow-Vnukovo to Tbilisi. This was the airplane's second revenue flight.Struck a church tower while on approach to Berlin-Schönefeld in fog. The aircraft crashed.Damaged beyond repair in ground accident prior to takeoff.Argonaut G-ALHE operated on the flight Lagos-Kano-Tripoli-London. The aircraft arrived at Kano at 16:40. At 17:21 GMT the aircraft took off again from runway 25. Reported weather was clouds 3/8 base at 2500 feet; wind 270deg/20 kts; visibility 1500yds in moderate rain. The gear was raised and the Argonaut passed the runway threshold at 100 feet at an airspeed of 125 knots. As power was reduced to 2850rpm and 54" manifold pressure a slight updraught was noticed. Having entered an area of heavy rain normal climb was made to 240 feet when the flaps were raised; rate of climb was 300 feet/min at an airspeed of 125-130 knots, which dropped to 123 knots following retraction of the flaps. Then suddenly, the airspeed dropped to 103 knots which was close to the 97 knots stall speed. Full power was applied and the nose was pushed slightly down to gain speed, but of no avail. The aircraft entered a high rate of descent and descended to 15-20 feet agl. A tree ahead forced the pilot-in-command to bank to the right. The Argonaut impacted the 35 feet high tree with the left wing, rupturing fuel lines. The left outer wing detached as the aircraft crashed into trees, catching fire.Broke in two after striking a submerged object. Cmt Luís Anet, the radio-operator and one passenger died.Crashed.An air test of Otter 3666 was planned following repairs on the port inner trailing edge flap. The airplane took off from runway 09 at 18:54 and climbed straight ahead. A sudden spontaneous full flap retraction caused the nose of the aircraft to drop. Loads on the wing exceeded the design strength, causing the left hand wing to break off. It struck the tailplane, causing the Otter to crash out of control.Undercarriage collapsed on landing. The Hastings caught fire.The C-54 was under contract to transport diesel oil from Narsarsuaq to various DEW Lines sites (Distant Early Warning radar line). The aircraft was prepared for a flight back to Narsarsuaq and departed Site 39 at 00:40 on an instrument flight plan. En route altitude was 11000 feet and after reaching this altitude, the co-pilot changed seats with the reserve captain to complete some paperwork. When the flight passed Frederikshaabs Glacier the co-pilot changed seats again with the reserve captain. While changing seats and starting a check of the cockpit, the aircraft struck the icecap at an altitude of 5900 feet. The aircraft slid for about 4500 feet before coming to rest. The co-pilot was the only survivor. He made a shelter from aircraft debris against the rudder section and had to wait about 12 hours for a rescue team to find him.The Stratofreighter suffered an engine failure on takeoff. The airplane overran the runway and caught fire.The Stratofreighter was ditched in the Atlantic following a double engine failure. The airplane floated for ten days and was sunk by USS Wisconsin.The Stratofreighter was ditched in the Atlantic following a double engine failure. The airplane floated for ten days and was sunk by USS Wisconsin.The Vickers Viking flew into a mountainside, Cerro Meta, near San Carlos de Bariloche, killing all aboard.The Vickers Viking flew into a mountainside, Cerro Meta, near San Carlos de Bariloche, killing all aboard.The Vickers Viking flew into a mountainside, Cerro Meta, near San Carlos de Bariloche, killing all aboard.The Vickers Viking flew into a mountainside, Cerro Meta, near San Carlos de Bariloche, killing all aboard.The Vickers Viking flew into a mountainside, Cerro Meta, near San Carlos de Bariloche, killing all aboard.The Vickers Viking flew into a mountainside, Cerro Meta, near San Carlos de Bariloche, killing all aboard.The DC-3 departed Kumbhirgram for a flight to Calcutta. Soon after takeoff the aircraft crashed into the ground. Fire broke out in both engine nacelles, but was extinguished quickly by the heavy rain.The DC-3 departed Kumbhirgram for a flight to Calcutta. Soon after takeoff the aircraft crashed into the ground. Fire broke out in both engine nacelles, but was extinguished quickly by the heavy rain.The Il-14 transport plane flew into a hillside at 300-350 m when it deviated from the Varna approach pattern in poor visibility.Viking G-AJBO was on a trooping flight to Idris, Libya when it took off from Blackbushe (BBS) at 21:14 UTC. Two minutes after takeoff the crew reported .. "a port engine failure I am making a left-hand circuit to come in again". When the aircraft was turning to finals, at 1200yds from the threshold, the left wingtip struck the ground and the aircraft crashed inverted in a wood and caught fire.Crashed.Crashed.Crashed.Crashed.The DC-4 was on a simulated ILS approach to Pittsburgh when the co-pilot established visual reference with the runway. The approach was continued visually, but the rate of descent was excessive. The captain applied power, but before recovery was complete, the right main gear struck the embankment short of the runway. Full power was applied and a go-around carried out. Severe buffeting and a no. 3 engine fire were experienced as the DC-4 circled for another approach. The landing was carried out safely, but the aircraft was damaged beyond repairThe DC-4 was on a simulated ILS approach to Pittsburgh when the co-pilot established visual reference with the runway. The approach was continued visually, but the rate of descent was excessive. The captain applied power, but before recovery was complete, the right main gear struck the embankment short of the runway. Full power was applied and a go-around carried out. Severe buffeting and a no. 3 engine fire were experienced as the DC-4 circled for another approach. The landing was carried out safely, but the aircraft was damaged beyond repairThe Super Constellation took off from Argentia for a normal barrier flight. A fire caused by overheated brake and tire, caused an explosion in the left wheel well and the no. 2 engine fell off. The aircraft crashed and burned on the runway after wheels-up landing at Argentia NAS.Destroyed in crash in Egypt. The airplane flew in United Nations markings.Crashed.The Curtiss C-46 crashed near Arica.The Curtiss C-46 crashed near Arica.The Curtiss C-46 crashed near Arica.Crashed on a frozen lake.The DC-3 was flying near Ubatuba when a no. 2 engine fire forced the crew to make an emergency descent for Ubatuba. Due to slight rain, the crew noticed Papagaio Peak (on Anchieta Island) when it was too late. The aircraft stalled during the evasive manoeuvre and crashed into the mountain.The Canso flying boat of RCAF 121 Flight, Sea Island, was damaged beyond repair in an accident at sea. While landing on the sea near Prince Rupert it apparently struck a submerged object, water looped, and sank.The TWA Lockheed Starliner departed Milan at 16:20 GMT in weather conditions with scattered thunderstorms. Some 12 minutes later the crew reported climbing through 10000 feet. At 16:35 a structural failure occurred, initiated by a wing separation.Crashed on takeoff on the Taimyr Peninsula, hitting the water of the Yurgarga River.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.A spark detonated fuel vapors during ground maintenanceThe C-54 was returning to Canada after a transport flight to Egypt on behalf of the United Nations. A tire burst on landing. A fuel line ruptured and a fire erupted.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.In the early morning a fire erupted in No.4 Hangar. Comet XK663, an Elint aircraft of the 51 Squadron was damaged beyond repair.Ditched at sea.Crashed and burned. The Mariner had left Biak, Indonesia on May 31, 1959 on a ferry flight to the Netherlands.A Curtiss C-46 aircraft, operated by Aerolineas Nacionales, departed San José-La Sabana Airport, Costa Rica at 06:21 on a flight to a farm airstrip near Volcán. It was supposed to transport a cargo a meat from Volcán to Curaçao.One engine failed shortly after takeoff from Khartoum. The pilot returned to the airport, but the Hastings stalled on finals and crash-landed.Crashed into a 10000 feet high mountain, Cerro Shano, part of the Cordillera Negra in Peru. The C-130 overshot the runway. The pilot tried to pull up, but the C-130 crashed into Air Force barracks.The Viscount skidded sideways off the runway into a monsoon ditch when the pilot tried to turn the aircraft (groundloop?) at the end of the runway. The undercarriage folded up sideways and one wing was broken. The Viscount named "City of Karachi" had been delivered just 4 months prior to the accident.Immediately after applying takeoff power, the crew of the DC-6 heard a loud noise and the takeoff was abandoned. A visual check before the plane stopped revealed that the no. 4 engine had separated from the wing. A fire erupted and spread after evacuation, destroying the aircraft. It appeared that the no. 4 propeller had failed and that the unbalanced loads on the engine mounts caused separation of the entire engine.Crashed into a hillside.Crashed into a hillside.Capital Airlines Flight 75 taxied away from the terminal at 15:20, 20 minutes late. The Vickers Viscount took off from runway 22 at 15:29 and climbed to 14,000 feet, and onto the assigned airway Victor 3. At 16:02 Flight 75 contacted the Washington Center, reporting over Westchester and estimating Westminster at 16:17, with Herndon next. In the same message it advised, "... ah, we've got a pretty good string of thunderstorms along that course ... ah, if we could stay in the clear and stay a little bit south of Westminster, is that O.K. with you?" The center controller replied "Capital 75, that'll be all right and report passing Westminster." The flight acknowledged. At 16:10 the flight advised, "Ah, Washington Center, this is Capital 75, we've reduced to one seven zero knots account rough air." This was the last message from the flight. Just three minutes later the aircraft lost control in an area of severe turbulence and entered a steep descent. The aircraft probably reached an airspeed of 335 knots, which is 15 percent in excess of the Viscount never-exceed speed or about 5 percent in excess of VD, the maximum speed demonstrated in certification. At an altitude of approx. 5000 feet both horizontal stabilizers simultaneously failed downward separated. Following separation of the right and left stabilizers the aircraft pitched down violently so that all, four engine nacelles broke upward from combined inertia and gyroscopic loads. Immediately thereafter both wings were subjected to extreme downloads under which the right separated and the structural integrity of the left wing was destroyed. With the nacelles, right wing, and stabilizers gone, drag induced by the left wing yawed the fuselage violently to the left. Forces to the left tore off the vertical fin with portions of the fuselage attached, the latter already weakened when the left stabilizer stub tore away. During the subsequent gyrations the left wing broke up, its fuel cells were opened and the flash fire occurred. At the saw time the remaining fuselage disintegrated.Crashed when the starboard engine failed on takeoff. Destroyed by fire.The DC-3 was operating on a flight from Istanbul to Canakkale via Bandirma when it crashed into a hillside.The DC-3 was operating on a flight from Istanbul to Canakkale via Bandirma when it crashed into a hillside.Ditched off Chojudo, Korea due to engine failure. The crew found dead two days later due to exposure.The Valetta sank back on takeoff, landing on its belly.National Airlines Flight 1 originated at Orlando, Florida, destination Miami, Florida, with scheduled intermediate stops at Lakeland, Tampa, St. Petersburg, Sarasota, Ft. Meyers, and West-Palm Beach.Upon takeoff, the aircraft stalled at 100 feet, leaned over on to one wing, and plunged into the ground, just southwest of the base. It broke into three sections, and burst into flames. Reportedly, the crash was attributed to incorrect assembly of the elevator and aileron control cables within the aircraft.A C-47 passenger plane sustained extensive damage in a takeoff accident at São Paulo-Congonhas Airport, SP (CGH), Brazil. The plane was piloted by a drunk mechanic who had been dismissed from the company.A C-119 transport plane went missing during a flight from Tachikawa Air Base to Ashiya Air Base, both in Japan.Ran off the runway at the FOX-Main DEW Line station at Hall Beach. Damaged beyond repair.Northwest Flight 2 (Seattle-Portland-Chicago-New York) took off from Seattle at 08:06. As the aircraft reached 2000 feet, at 145 knots airspeed, the flaps were retracted. Severe buffeting started and the aircraft tended to roll to the left. Thinking it was an asymmetric flap condition, the captain reduced power to stop the buffeting, but of no avail. Full power was applied again and plans were made to divert to McChord AFB. The plane continued to lose altitude and was not able to reach McChord. A ditching was carried out in Puget Sound. The aircraft sank 15 minutes after the ditching. It appeared that the aircraft had taken off with the engine cowl flaps fully open. Though not emphasized as a contributory factor, it must be noted that the cowl flap control on the Boeing 377 and Lockheed L-1049 move in opposite directions for the closing of the cowls. Most of the flight engineers flying time had been on L-1049 and DC-6 aircraft.Crashed shortly after takeoff. Full serial: L2-14/96/212667The DC-3 took off from Asansol at 04:20 for a cargo flight to Bagdogra. Last radio contact was 58 minutes after takeoff, at 40 miles from Bagdogra. It appeared the aircraft had crashed 30 miles SW of Bagdogra.The Starways DC-3 was on a positioning flight to Glasgow because it had to fly to Lourdes the day after. While on an instrument approach, the aircraft struck a hill at 1250 feet msl.TWA Martin 4-0-4 N40403 took off from Pittsburgh for an IFR flight to Newark. The first officer was in the left seat, being line-checked by a captain. After becoming airborne from runway 23, a sharp yaw was experienced while the first officer reduced power at an altitude of about 100 feet. Almost simultaneously the no. 1 zone fire warning light for the left engine illuminated; the fire bell didn't ring. The first officer then presumably moved the no. 1 throttle rearward intuitively. The captain didn't see the fire warning light and only noted the power loss indicated by the BMEP gauge. He then pulled the mixture to idle cut-off. The first officer reached for the manual feathering button but the captain informed him that the automatic feathering device would cause the no. 1 prop to feather. This did not happen however, because the throttle had been retarded aft of the switches that armed the autofeather system. The aircraft continued to yaw to the left due to the drag of the no. 1 prop until it struck the ground 1690 feet past the end of the runway. Not providedThe airplane undershot the runway on landing, causing the wheels to separate from the undercarriage legs.Crashed into Placentia Bay immediately after takeoff from Naval Air Station Argentia, NF (NWP).Impacted the side of a mountain.An explosion occurred in the forward freight compartment while the airplane was on the ground at Nicosia. Engine problems forced the crew to ditch the plane in the Atlantic. The Globemaster was en route to the U.S. from Iceland.The Curtiss freighter was on a night-time VFR approach to Pelly Bay when the left wing struck rising terrain at 1000 feet msl.Crashed while dropping supplies to 22 SAS in the Cameron Highlands.Wing detached followed by fire during a crash landing on a runway undergoing repairs.After arriving at Gilgit at 10:14 the captain chose not to carry passengers on the flight back to Islamabad-Chaklala Airport due to very bad weather conditions. The DC-3 took off at 14:00 and climbed to an altitude of 10000 feet. Very bad weather conditions (rain, sleet and a thunderstorm) were encountered as the aircraft entered the are of a gorge flanked by mountains rising up to 16720 feet. Two circuits were flown near the village of Jalkot until it struck the peak of the Lash Golath Mountain at 14-15000 feet.Flew into a hillside at an elevation of 6000 feet.Both engines failed as the DC-3 flew through a storm. The aircraft crashed.The Air France DC-3 lost height after takeoff and crashed about a mile past the Biskra runway. Reportedly the no. 1 engine had failed. The airplane operated on a flight from El Oued, Algeria to Paris, France. En route stops were planned at Biskra, Algiers and Marseille. Soon after takeoff a fire developed in the left main gear wheel well. The pilot however, thought the fire had started in the engine, feathered the no. 1 engine and returned to the traffic pattern for a landing circuit. On finals he tried to lower the gear, but didn't succeed. To avoid a belly landing, the pilot applied full power and tried to go around for another approach to land. Over the runway 05 and 23 intersection the aircraft's left wing separated from the fuselage, causing the plane crash.The aircraft departed the FOX-Main DEW Line station at Hall Beach, Canada at approximately 17:06 hours on a flight calling at various DEW Line sites and intending to return to Fox. At 21:57 hours, on the last flight, the captain called Fox tower and gave the estimated time of arrival as 22:07 hours. In his statement the captain said that he passed over the site at Fox and made a descending turn to the left to join the circuit on the downwind leg for runway 36. Shortly after levelling off on the downwind leg, the aircraft lost altitude (700 to 800 feet) and struck the ground in what appeared to have been an almost straight and level attitude. The pilot-in-command suffered minor injuries.Improper level-off on landing at Tezpur caused the DC-3 to bounce. The aircraft then stalled, struck the ground rightwing-first and swung off the runway.Exploded in midair after takeoff from NAS Chincoteague, VA.The Globemaster struck a gravel bank on final approach and crashed.Category A damage at Knob Lake.Category A damage at Knob Lake.Damaged beyond repair following hangar fire.The Canso force landed off Sept-Îles, QC and later drifted and sank off Shelter Bay the next day.Not providedDamaged beyond repair in heavy landing.Missing over Pacific.The aircraft departed Canberra's runway 30 on a night-time training flight. Shortly after takeoff the no. 1 propeller oversped. Action was taken to feather the prop. However, the drive gear to the constant speed unit had broken, causing the feathering process to take some 30 seconds instead of the usual 10-15 seconds. The crew were worried that they would not be able to clear the hills in front. The captain decided to turn to the south, in an attempt to carry out an emergency landing in the open paddocks south of the airport. While still attempting to climb in order to avoid Mt Pleasant, the aircraft stalled. It crashed near some houses and burned.Collision with an obstruction on takeoff caused the aircraft to crash. The DC-3 caught fire and was damaged beyond repair.Collision with an obstruction on takeoff caused the aircraft to crash. The DC-3 caught fire and was damaged beyond repair.Crashed into a mountain.Philippine President Ramon Magsaysay boarded his presidential C-47 plane at Cebu for a flight back to Manila (MNL). The airplane took off at night.Viscount G-ALWE (the first Viscount 701 type to be manufactured) approached Manchester-Ringway Airport following a flight from Amsterdam. After a GCA (Ground Control Approach) approach, the aircraft broke through the lowest clouds and the crew continued the approach visually. The approach was uneventful until it was about 1 mile short of the runway. The aircraft was seen to enter a shallow right descending turn with a steepening bank angle. The right wingtip touched the ground and the aircraft crashed into houses 85 yards further on. It appeared that the aileron became locked when the no. 2 flap unit of the starboard wing moved away from the trailing edge member following failure of a lug and bolt of the flap fitting.Crashed into a mountain. The wreckage was located on March 24, 1957.The DC-3 took off from Safdarjung at 08:32 for a local training flight. This was the 1st flight in a series of 8 to train a captain as a flight instructor. During one of a series of manoeuvres, an approach to stall, the aircraft entered a spin. Partial recovery was made, but the plane was already too close to the ground and crashed.While flying, a Douglas VC-47A crashed into mountains near Hakuba (or Shirouma) Town, Toyama Prefecture.The DC-3 departed Cali for a return flight to Condoto at 08:27. At 09:50 the flight left Condoto again for Cali. After 8 minutes the crew contacted Cali about there departure and radioed that they had a load of 975 kg including 11 passengers and that they were proceeding to Cali via Buenaventura. This was the last contact with the flight. It was found out that the aircraft had crashed against hill in the Trujillo Hills at 7800 feet.The Eastern Air Lines Martin 4-0-4 took off from Indianapolis at 11:05 for a flight to Louisville. The cruising altitude of 5000 feet was maintained somewhat longer to give the stewardess more time in smooth air to remove the luncheon trays. The co-pilot then started to descend to 2000 feet. After turning for finals for runway 11 the captain saw that the aircraft was too high and reduced power further (the throttles were pulled fully back) and the co-pilot lowered the flaps to full down. At about 1000-1500 feet the captain took over control and nosed down sharply, maintaining an airspeed of about 100 knots. Over the threshold, at about 100 feet, the captain tried to flare. The aircraft attained a nose-up attitude, but continued to descend fast. The aircraft struck the runway on its main gear, causing the left wing to separate inboard of the no. 1 engine. The remainder of the aircraft half rolled to an inverted position. Just one passenger was injured seriously.About 30 minutes after departing from RAF Abingdon, fuel starvation occurred. The Beverley crashed into a farm, killing two people on the ground. It appeared that a valve in the fuel system had been installed backwards, causing fuel starvation early in the flight.Ditched.Alaska Airlines Flight 100 had arrived at Fairbanks from Seattle at 07:17 and was to fly back a little later. An IFR flight plan was filed with en route altitudes of 9500 to 12000 feet. The aircraft took off at 09:58 in VFR weather conditions. After following the Amber 2 airway at 10000 feet, the aircraft climbed to 12000 feet following the Blue airway. At 12:40 while over Haines, the crew cancelled their instrument flight plan and informed ARTC that it would proceed VFR to Annette and would file DVFR (Defence VFR) after Annette and before entering the CADIZ (Canadian Air Defence Identification Zone). Thereafter Flight 100 proceeded reporting positions as DVFR at 1000 feet. Last radio contact with the flight was at 17:17 when it reported its position near Dungeness in VFR. Crashed.Crashed in a field and burst into flames.Crashed after engine failure and caught fire. Occupants escaped injured.Crashed.Northeast Flight 823 to Miami (MIA) was scheduled to depart from New York-La Guardia (LGA) at 14:45. Snowfall delayed the departure. The DC-3 was on a training flight, practicing takeoffs and landings at Martinsburg. Following a single-engine approach to runway 08 the trainee tried to climb out, but the aircraft stalled and crashed into a wooded area.The Aeronaves de Mexico Constellation crew didn't follow the established climb-out procedure and crashed into the La Latilla Mountain.The Aeronaves de Mexico Constellation crew didn't follow the established climb-out procedure and crashed into the La Latilla Mountain.The Boeing Stratocruiser was on a flight from San Francisco to Singapore with some in-between stops. As the aircraft touched down at Manila (runway 06) the undercarriage collapsed. The plane skidded and swerved to the right, coming to rest 2850 feet past the runway threshold and 27 feet from the edge of the runway. One of the passengers was killed when one of the blades of the no. 3 prop broke off, penetrating the passenger cabin.Destroyed by a hurricane.Crashed. The airplane operated on a military charter flight from Algiers to Colomb-Béchar. A USAF Douglas C-47D transport plane collided with a North American F-100 Super Sabre fighter above Fukuoka City. Two civilian were houses destroyed.The Curtiss C-46 freighter took off from Driftwood Bay carrying a cargo of bags of cement. Immediately after lift-off the aircraft started to porpoise and at 800 feet altitude it went into a vertical climb and crashed into water.Missing. The wreckage was found June 15, 1958.Missing. The wreckage was found June 15, 1958.The Douglas Globemaster operated on a Military Air Transport Service (MATS) flight from Korea to Japan. Flight MATS 504, departed Seoul-Kimpo (SEL) approx 18:00. Takeoff was made on runway 32. The aircraft lost a blade off engine no. 3 just after wheels were started up. The blade penetrated the fuselage, cutting both aileron and rudder cables and killing four passengers. Before engine no. 3 could be feathered another blade separated from engine no. 3, knocking out engine no. 4. With full power on engine no. 1 and engine no. 2 the aircraft wanted to roll over to starboard. Aircraft Cmdr Cartwright reduced power on both running engines to prevent a wing-over. With no directional control at 100 feet AGL and the DMZ just two miles ahead, a mud bar in the Han River was the only option to save crew and passengers, for if they had crossed the DMZ, North Korea would have shot down aircraft. The An-2 took part in several Soviet Antarctic expeditions. It was stored over the winter at Lake Figurnoye, Antarctica, when it was lifted off its moorings by strong winds and 'travelled' several kilometres over the ice. The wreck was abandoned there.The aircraft undershot the runway, crash-landed and caught fire. It operated on a demonstration flight.The Super Connie was being prepared for a patrol flight when the center fuel tank exploded. The aircraft caught fire, but all 15 crew members evacuated safely. It appeared that the center fuel tank had been filled with fuel, despite the fact that it was not supposed to be filled. Through seepage or overflow from that tank the fuel vapors were ignited by electronic equipment being tested during the pre flight procedure.A forced landing due to an in-flight fire was carried out near Gurgaon.Viscount N7410 was descending en route from Pittsburgh to Baltimore on an IFR flight plan, but in VFR conditions.Destroyed on the ground when the airfield was attacked by a B-25 bomber, flown by CIA-backed anti-Soekarno government rebels of the Permesta movement.The Avro York landed 1700 feet down the runway and overran. The undercarriage was retracted and the aircraft struck a wall.The Sabena flight, originating at Brussels, Belgium had departed Lisbon following an intermediate stop on a flight to Leopoldville (now Kinshasa), Belgian Congo. Vibration in the no. 1 engine forced the crew to shut it down. Casablanca ACC was advised that the flight wanted to make an emergency landing there. At 04:19 a runway 21 approach was attempted, but the aircraft did not touch down. Some 600 m past the runway threshold at a height of 5 m and with landing gear down and full flaps, full power was applied. The DC-7 then climbed in a sharp left turn. Reaching a height of 25 m, the plane stalled, crashed into buildings and caught fire. The Dakota was flying in a storm and permission to descend from 7500 feet to 5500 feet was requested and granted. Before the crew could acknowledge this, a structural failure occurred causing the plane to crash.The PIA Convair CV-240 aircraft had landed at Delhi-Palam at 19:02 hours following an uneventful flight from Karachi. It was prepared for the return flight and taxied to runway 27 for departure. It was a moonless night and the visibility was almost 3 km due to dust haze. Takeoff was away from the built up area so there were no visual reference points and there was nothing which could have given the pilot a natural horizon. Takeoff was commenced at 20:18. Shortly after becoming airborne the landing gear was raised. Then the airplane began to descend again. It struck the ground at a shallow nose-down angle with the port wing slightly low and caught fire.The DC-3 took off at 10:00 from a DEW-line site for a VFR cargo flight to Arctic Bay. Cruising altitude was 3000 feet. At 65 miles South of Arctic Bay the aircraft encountered a scattered to broken cloud or ice fog condition and the aircraft flew on or 10 minutes without visual reference to the ground. The DC-3 then collided with a 2800 feet high snow-covered mountaintop and became airborne again. With the engines on fire the plane crashed and burned.The airplane struck a hill and crashed as it attempted to divert to Taft, CA in an apparent emergency.The airplane struck a hill and crashed as it attempted to divert to Taft, CA in an apparent emergency.Belly landed after losing power on a single-engine approach.Boeing Stratocruiser N75385 was taken out of storage and prepared for a ferry flight to determine fuel and oil consumption. Auxiliary gasoline tanks were installed in the cabin, but had not been tested prior to the flight, despite fuel leaks of an unknown origin. During the flight there was an explosion in the cabin and fire was seen coming from the accessory compartment. A forced landing was carried out on a mesa with grass-covered boulders; the plane burned out completely.After a test flight, the first Fairchild F-27 prototype, N1027, was parked on the apron. A passing mechanic heard a hissing sound and held his finger on the air orifice of the pneumatic system, just under the cockpit. Slowly the landing-gear of the plane collapsed. Capital flight 983 touched down on the Charleston runway 32. The captain found braking to be ineffective and chose to groundloop the aircraft. During this manoeuvre the Constellation skidded and slid down a steep embankment. The aircraft caught fire.The Lockheed P2V-5 Neptune crashed immediately after Whidbey Island-NAS.The TAPSA Curtiss C-46 crashed in a field, immediately after takeoff.The DC-3 was on a return trip to Palma when it took off again for Vienna after 90-minute stopover. The flight reported at 3000 feet and was then instructed to report at FL90 or when leaving the Palma area. Just two minutes later the aircraft struck Alfabia Peak at 3300 feet.The DC-3 was on a return trip to Palma when it took off again for Vienna after 90-minute stopover. The flight reported at 3000 feet and was then instructed to report at FL90 or when leaving the Palma area. Just two minutes later the aircraft struck Alfabia Peak at 3300 feet.Ran through some shallow water into an embankment.Not providedRan off the runway on landing; damaged beyond repair.The DC-3 departed Barcelona at 14:18 GMT for a flight to Madrid. A severe storm over Calamocha forced the crew to fly another course. Shortly after having been in contact with Calamocha, the plane crashed on the east slope of the Sierra de Valdemeca, some 60 m from the top of Telegraph Hill.Crashed on takeoff from Sanandaj airport.Four hijackers (two men, two women) hijacked the Viscount plane which was on the last leg of a Miami - Varadero - Havana flight. The hijackers had boarded the flight at Varadero and diverted the plane to Key West.Not providedThe Super Trader departed Ankara for a flight to Bahrain. At 08:14 the aircraft passed Gemerek at FL115 and Elazig at 08:59 (at FL135). Last position report received was when over Mus at 09:26. The aircraft had crashed and was found after six days on Suphan Mountain.Crashed after engine failure on takeoff.Four men drew guns ten minutes after takeoff and demanded to be taken to the USA. One news source indicates that the aircraft may have been a C-46.Four men drew guns ten minutes after takeoff and demanded to be taken to the USA. One news source indicates that the aircraft may have been a C-46.The left engine of the Neptune caught fire, then separated from wing. The aircraft force landed near China Lake, CA.Crashed into the river after takeoff from Lisbon airport, during a military exercise to the Portuguese colonies (Himba Exercice)Crashed on test flight for CEPA.The Haitian DC-3 was hijacked by six rebels. They shot and killed the captain and forced the copilot to fly to Cuba.The Boeing 377, named "Clipper Midnight Sun", undershot on finals and collided with an embankment. The aircraft caught fire.Both engines failed. The Twin Pioneer ditched.Both engines failed. The Twin Pioneer overturned during the forced landing.Crashed in brush-covered hills after suffering an in-flight emergency situation.The Lockheed WV-2 crashed during hard landing while returning from aborted barrier patrol mission with one engine out. The starboard wing broke off on impact, causing it to flip upside down and burn.Crashed after takeoff due to engine failure. One worker on the ground was killed.The pilot crash-landed the plane in a field after the port engine failed. The registration is unknown; perhaps the airplane still carried the serial of its previous owner, the Haitian Air Force.Stalled on takeoff and crashed.The Fokker F-27 aircraft was on a regular passenger flight from Brisbane (BNE) to Mackay (MKY) via Maryborough (MBH) and Rockhampton (ROK). The aircraft departed Brisbane at 17:11 and arrived at Maryborough at 17:52. It then took off at 18:12 on the next portion of the trip to Rockhampton where it landed without incident one hour later.The Il-14P operated on a passenger flight from Rostov-na-Donu to Tbilisi. En route stops were planned at Sochi and Kutaisi. En route to Kutaisi, the flight deviated to the north of the prescribed flight path by 17 km. It impacted the wooded slope of cloud-covered Mount Rech (1436 m high) at an altitude of 1200 m.The left hand undercarriage leg collapsed on landing. The Curtiss was damaged beyond repair.The Tu-104 jet was carrying a cargo of cherries from Sofia to Moscow. Shortly after takeoff the no. 1 engine failed. The airplane flew in clouds when the crew initiated a turn back to the airport. It then struck the slope of Mount Baba.Avro York G-ANSY took off from Malta-Luqa Airport at 12:21 for a flight to London Stansted. Shortly after becoming airborne the boost enrichment capsule in the carburetor of the no. 1 engine failed, causing a fire in the engine. It is presumed that the engine stopped producing power after 30 seconds of flight. The propeller was not feathered as the aircraft slowly climbed to 700-800 feet amsl (300-400 feet agl) with a 'crabbing' or 'yawing' motion to the left. Shortly after retracting the flaps, while still in a nose up attitude at very low flying speed, the aircraft stalled and dove to the ground near the town of Zurrieq.One of the Valetta's engines ran away on departure. The airplane lost height and belly landed in a padi field.After circling for 30 minutes, the pilot contacted Oakland Municipal Airport, reporting that he was on his approach to Alameda NAS. While flying in low overcast and drizzling rain, the Navy plane flew up a steep canyon, skimmed over one ridge and then slammed into Sunol Ridge at the 1300 feet level.The Martin 4-0-4 took off from Evansville for a 29-mile instrument flight to Owensboro. Weather was poor when the flight arrived near Owensboro: precipitation, ceiling 600 feet, sky obscured, visibility 1 mile, moderate thundershowers, fog, wind NE/3 knots. After turning left to finals the right wing suddenly dropped. The aircraft struck the ground and rolled to an inverted position, sliding to a stop next to runway 05.Damaged beyond repair in a takeoff accident.The Bristol 170 crashed soon after takeoff into the sea, 1,5 miles offshore. The aircraft was on a cargo flight to the Distant Early Warning (DEW) radar line.A group of three U-1A Otters were allocated for training flights out of the Downsview Airport, in the course of pre-delivery U.S. Army pilot training. Otter 55-3252 departed the airport at 15:21. Seventeen minutes later the aircraft broke up in midair. It crashed near Keele Street, killing all aboard.Crashed while operating on a supply flight for the Canadian Distant Early Warning (DEW) radar line. Killed in the accident was adventurer Harold E. "Whitey" Dahl.The Otter was placed on board the USS Glacier to transport it from McMurdo to the Little America V scientific research base in Antarctica. It was to take part in the rescue operation of a downed Otter there. During the offloading process a hoist cable broke and the Otter plunged to the ice shelf and landed on its right wing and landing gear. The fall damaged the wing extensively and fractured the fuselage.Veered off runway on takeoff and struck a snow bank.The Lockheed P2V-2 Neptune crashed while en-route to Antarctica to search for a missing US Navy DHC-3 Otter. The R4Q-2 Packet transport plane took off from NIG on a routine training flight. They were on a normal climb out just passing Ft. Lauderdale when an engine fire ensued. All bailed out but two didn't survive the bailout: Student Capt. Pete Looney and a Master Sargent.The R4Q-2 Packet transport plane took off from NIG on a routine training flight. They were on a normal climb out just passing Ft. Lauderdale when an engine fire ensued. All bailed out but two didn't survive the bailout: Student Capt. Pete Looney and a Master Sargent.Two hours after leaving the Little America V scientific research base the Otter started picking up icing on the propeller. Subsequently the aircraft flew into the summit of a snow covered mountain on the Edward VII Peninsula in Antarctica. The survivors walked 40 miles of the 110 miles back to Little America V before being rescued by a helicopter.Crashed.The DC-3 was on a nighttime approach to Lyon when it struck telephone cables, lost control and crashed. The airplane operated on the night time mail route from Nice (NCE) to Paris with intermediate stops at Lyon-Bron Airport (LYN) and Marseille-Marignane Airport (MRS).Two Nord 2501F Noratlas transport planes of the French Air Force, 48 and 70, were damaged beyond repair in a collision.Two Nord 2501F Noratlas transport planes of the French Air Force, 48 and 70, were damaged beyond repair in a collision.A mishap during a training flight caused the DC-3 to crash on a railway line near the airport.The right hand main gear leg collapsed on landing at Fort Chimo/Kuujjuaq. The Avro York was damaged beyond repair.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The Vickers Viscount had just arrived from London when it was to take off again for a training flight. Takeoff was commenced at 0850 GMT. Just after lifting off, at V2, the training captain (occupying the left hand seat) wanted to simulate a no. 4 engine failure and had to do 3 steps to accomplish this: moving the no. 4 high pressure cock lever to the feather position; pulling back the throttle lever, and; pressing the feathering button. Without noticing the captain moved the no. 3 engine high pressure cock lever to the feather position and throttled the no. 4 engine back. As a consequence the aircraft banked to the right and struck the ground 250yds from the runway, cartwheeling to a stop.Due to poor weather conditions at the destination Kosice (KSC), the flight continued to Poprad/Tatry Airport (TAT). Strong winds blew the airplane off the approach course, causing a let down 11 km to the east and 3,5 km to the northern of the approach track. The airplane descended over mountains until it flew into the side of Mount Skapova (elevation (4042 ft).After arriving from Seven Islands, the DC-3 had a 2 hour turnover time before departing Knob Lake for Oreway. The aircraft took off at 22:02. At 23:12 the aircraft encountered heavy to moderate rime ice. Some 23 minutes later the no. 2 engine oil pressure dropped to 40 pounds. The no. 2 prop was then feathered. The engine was subsequently restarted and ran for about 10 minutes before it stopped again. The aircraft lost height and hills ahead forced the crew to carry out a forced landing near the Oreway railway station.The undercarriage collapsed on landing at Luqa, Malta. Douglas DC-7B N8210 took off from Santa Monica at 10:15 for a local functional test flight. At 10:50 a US Air Force Northrop F-89D-40-NO Scorpion (52-1870) took off from Palmdale, also on a functional test flight following overhaul. Purpose of the flight was to check the radar fire control systems of both all-weather interceptors. Both aircraft were performing their tests at an altitude of 25000 feet, over a published local flying zone (bounded by San Diego, Santa Barbara, Bakersfield and El Centro). An almost head-on mid-air collision occurred and part of the DC-7's left wing was sheared off. The F-89 crashed in flames in the mountains; one of the two crew ejected safely. The DC-7 crashed onto a schoolyard. The first attempt to land at Paris-Orly at night, ILS, monitored by GCA, failed. The crew decided to try a second time with GCA guidance. Full power was applied when the crew were not able to see the runway. The aircraft continued to descend however and impacted the ground in a right bank. The right hand wing separated and the main fuselage broke up into four main parts.The C-124 took off from Elmendorf AFB (EDF), bound for McChord AFB (TCM). Shortly after takeoff one engine caught fire. The pilot could not make it back to Elmendorf. A forced landing was made on the ice of Cook Inlet, about 20 yards from shore.The DC-3 was operating on the flight Managua - Bluefields - San Carlos - Managua. At 16:49 GMT the aircraft took off from San Carlos for the last leg of the flight. En route weather near the Concepcion Volcano was clear, with fog covering the top from 3200 feet. The aircraft was approaching the volcano at 2650 feet when it was seen to suddenly perform a sharp ascending left turn. Control was lost and the plane crashed into the volcano. On impact the right wing was flattened and folded back over one-third of its length and was partially separated from the fuselage. Fire erupted and destroyed the plane.The Lockheed Neptune was engaged in a test flight prior to a flight to Malta. During a "touch and go" the propellers failed to go into fine pitch. The captain aborted the takeoff but overran the runway. In order not to hit a bus on the Findhorn road, he selected the undercarriage up. The nose wheel retracted, but the main wheels didn't. The plane stood on it's nose and ground to a halt with one engine on fire. The crew all exited the plane without injury.The KC-97G of the 384th Air Refueling Squadron (AREFS) departed Westover AFB at 13:30 on a refueling training mission. The airplane crashed in the snow-covered Adirondack mountain foothills.Flew into the side of Nou Creus Mountain.The R5D-3 was operating on a flight from NAS Miramar near San Diego to Detroit-Willow Run Airport. An intermediate stop was made at Albuquerque to pick up the body of a Navy pilot who had died in an airplane crash earlier. The crew prepared for an ILS approach to Willow Run and the weather was deteriorating. Snow had begun falling heavily only 20 minutes earlier and the ceiling had dropped from 900 feet to only 550 feet. The intention was to descend to 800 feet and to divert to Grosse Ile NAS for a GCA approach there in case the ground was not in sight. The plane descended too low and impacted a pond. It traveled about 100 feet before hitting a small bank and then bouncing another 126 feet through the air. It then hit the pond again and traveled about 134 feet before one of the engines was ripped off against the pond's bank. After skidding nearly 200 feet, the wings were torn off as the fuel, spilling from the wing tanks, burst into flames. Reportedly a faulty altimeter reading caused by a frozen moisture drain on the Pitot Static System had caused faulty altimeter readings.A fire broke out at McChord AFB, causing the destruction of two maintenance hangars. A Douglas C-118 (53-3263) and a Douglas C-124C Globemaster II (52-1027) were destroyed. Two other planes, a Lockheed T-33 jet and a de Havilland Canada L-20 Beaver were damaged.A fire broke out at McChord AFB, causing the destruction of two maintenance hangars. A Douglas C-118 (53-3263) and a Douglas C-124C Globemaster II (52-1027) were destroyed. Two other planes, a Lockheed T-33 jet and a de Havilland Canada L-20 Beaver were damaged.The aircraft was attempting to take off from Buenos Aires-Jorge Newbery Airport, BA (AEP) in crosswind conditions. It struck trees, crossed a road and crashed near the Club de Pescadores at the shore of the Rio de la Plata. One pedestrian was also killed in the accident.The Trans-Air York had to make a forced landing on the Hudson Bay coast.During a test-flight the no. 2 engine flamed out. The Kuznetsov NK-4 engines were not fitted with a feathering system. The crew tried to reach SVO for an emergency landing, but the aircraft crashed at the premises of ul. Chkalova 17 at Sheremetyevski settlement.After landing the crew accidently retracted the undercarriage instead of the flaps.Landed gear up on an abandoned airfield near Hal Far following a double engine failure.Crashed.The Viscount took off from London at 20:42 for a positioning flight to Prestwick. Nearing Prestwick, a descent from FL185 was commenced The aircraft was cleared to pass the Prestwick radio beacon at 4000 feet. Shortly after the crew reported descending through 11000 feet, the aircraft struck the ground close to the Prestwick beacon. The plane skidded for about 400 m and caught fire.Not providedThe An-2 was to take part in the Third Soviet Antarctic Expedition (KAE). It sank in a snow storm after being unloaded from M/V "Ob'" near Mirny Ice Station in Antarctica.United Air Lines Flight 736, a DC-7, took off from Los Angeles (LAX) at 07:37 on an IFR flight to New York (JFK) with a planned cruising altitude of FL210. The Air France DC-4 operated on a flight from Algiers (ALG) to Tamanrasset Airport (TMR) via In Salah (INZ). The crew attempted to land at In Salah in the middle of a sand storm. The main undercarriage struck a rocky dune, tearing off the landing gear and both inner (no.2 and no.3 engines). The airplane landed on its belly.The Aviaco flight departed Zaragoza at 19:19 for a flight to Barcelona. At 20:06 the aircraft reported on a wide base leg and asked visibility data. Another aircraft (EC-AEJ) was ready for departure from Barcelona at that moment, but takeoff permission had been refused. When the Aviaco Heron reported 5 minutes away, the EC-AEJ aircraft was cleared for takeoff. Shortly thereafter both planes were flying at 150 m altitude on intersecting tracks. The Heron was forced to take a sudden avoidance manoeuvre and lost control. The plane crashed into the sea.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Hijacked by three crew members. They flew their DC-3 to Miami.Crashed inverted during a local flight test, 17 minutes after takeoff.Crash-landed after a prop was lost in flight.A rebellious Air Force captain attempted to hijack the plane to Communist North Korea. In the struggle to commandeer the plane, he shot and killed one of the crew members.Engine trouble on takeoff forced the crew to return to Palma. A belly landing was carried out in a field near the airport.The Boeing KC-135 departed Bergstrom AFB on a mission to refuel B-52 bombers. In the area of Killeen, TX, the airplane entered a thunderstorm. Two engines separated and one of the engines struck the tail. The airplane lost control and crashed on a cedar-cloaked hillside.An unguarded light bulb came into contact with combustible cargo in the aft lower cargo compartment causing a fire. The fire penetrated the cargo compartment wall, burned through combustible fluid carrying lines and ignited the fluids. The plane passed over Alma, GA at that moment and the crew reported that they were on fire and that they were experiencing control problems. Shortly afterwards the aircraft lost control and crashed.Crashed in the jungle. One of the passengers killed in the accident was Barthélemy Boganda, 1st Prime Minister of the Central African Republic autonomous territory.The DC-3 was operating on a flight from Calcutta (CCU) to Imphal (IMF) via Agartala (IXA) and Silchar (IXS). The aircraft took off from Agartala at 10:10 for a 50-minute flight to Silchar. En route weather was poor (thunderstorms in the area southwest of Silchar). The aircraft didn't arrive at its destination and was found to have crashed.Windshear encounter on approach to runway 23. The aircraft landed hard and the right main landing gear collapsed, it caught fire as it skidded down the runway. After skidding some 1500 feet, the plane veered sharply to the right leaving the runway. The right wing sheared off and the fuselage came to stop after skidding another 400 feet off the runway.Collided with a steel tower (96 feet high) while on the second ILS approach. The aircraft crashed in a railroad yard, skidded across tracks.The Bristol plane was on finals to Mahon when it went into a right banked turn from a height of 120 m and crashed.The DC-3 took off from Jorhat at 13:05 for a supply-dropping mission to Noklok. At 13:47 the crew reported very poor weather conditions. This was the last radio contact with the flight. The DC-3 struck trees and crashed in the Naga Hills.Crashed.Crashed in the jungle near the Amazon River.Premature gear retraction on takeoff.The TACA Viscount took off from Las Mercedes Airport for a flight to San Salvador Guatemala, Mexico and New Orleans. Shortly after lift-off the no. 1 engine was observed to have stopped. The aircraft started an abrupt left turn followed by an excessive bank to the left. The plane lost height, collided with a tree and crashed inverted.The Baade 152 was an East-German designed passenger plane. The prototype, registered DM-ZYA, was prepared for a second test flight on March 4, 1959. During this flight the landing gear was to be raised for the first time.Ditched.Lockheed C-121G 54-4069 was operated on behalf of the Military Air Transport Service. It had reportedly departed Litchfield Park NAS. The flight headed for Prescott Airport (PRC) where touch-and-goes were performed. The airplane crashed in rugged wooded terrain alongside U.S. Highway 89.Crashed.The Air Safaris Viking approached Tarbes in poor visibility conditions: visibility 2 km and cloud 8/8 at 150 m. At decision altitude the runway was not visible, so a go around was initiated. Immediately thereafter the runway became visible and the approach was continued. The Viking landed gear up and came to rest after 330yds.The Avro York crashed on takeoff from Mehrabad Airport.Shortly after lift-off, the aircraft assumed a nose high attitude, banked steeply to the left and crashed nose down.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair in forced landing.After a normal trip out of Algiers radio communications were discontinued with the Paris control centre (procedure Juliett) and the aircraft reported to Orly. It was cleared to enter the pattern in descent in visual flight for a landing on runway 20, rounded the OE marker in descent and prepared to make its last turn before final approach. At a level of about 3600 feet, with air brakes extended, rate of descent reduced (1500 to 1000 feet per minute), decreasing airspeed (260 kt) in order to extend the flaps, after emerging from the cloud cover the aircraft had just passed the OE marker and was on a heading of 300/290. The pilot-in-command was attempting to catch sight of a Convair on his left (in communication with the tower and also on approach for runway 20 Left), as well as of his runway, for the last turn into alignment. The co-pilot, while preparing to display his heading data, at that moment saw a light aircraft, green in colour, in the right fore sector, slightly high and very close, despite his action of pushing on the control column, collision followed immediately. The accident occurred 13 km from the Orly tower. The Stampe SV-4C biplane (F-BDEV of the University Aeronautical Club, flying from Challes to Saint-Cyr) was shattered, and the wreckage fell to the ground. The cabin roof of the Caravelle was torn open, and the engine of the Stampe was thrown inside. The two jet engines, which were on a descent setting of 5100 rpm were stopped by the debris absorbed and the damage caused to them, particularly on the right, where a wheel of the Stampe wedged in the intake. (The Caravelle's tail parachute, opened by the impact, was automatically released.) The engineer was successful in restarting the engines, obtaining 8000 rpm on the left and 5 000 rpm on the right. The aircraft, with its radio out of commission, completed its approach and landed without further manoeuvring difficulties at 0450. Curtiss C-46 LV-GGJ was to fly 7 race horses from Buenos Aires to Lima via Santiago de Chile. A VFR flight plan was filed with a cruising altitude of 3000 m. The plane took off at 11:04, about one hour late. The crew reported enroute over Junin (11:59), General Soler (13:10) and San Luis (14:00). At that time the weather had changed completely. The crew reported over San Rafael (14:34) estimating El Yeso at 15:35 and then requested clearance to climb to 6000 m. Nothing more was heard from the flight. The plane appeared to have crashed into a mountain peak at 4500 m following structural failure.The Balair DC-4 flew into a slope of the Djebel Marr mountains while cruising at 8000 feet.Not providedThe Curtiss C-46 was on a delivery flight from Miami to Ramey AFB when it struck a small hill on approach.The DC-3 was flying on the first leg of a flight from Caracas-Maiquetia Airport to Puerto Ayacucaho via Calabozo, San Fernando and Puerto Paez when an explosion took place. Control was lost and the plane crashed. It was later determined that an explosive device had detonated in the cockpit.Destroyed by fire.A Douglas C-54 passenger plane was destroyed in an accident near Bunia, D.R.Congo. All 28 passengers and seven crew members were killed.An Ilyushin 18A passenger plane, operated by Aeroflot's Ural Division, was destroyed in a landing accident at Sverdlovsk-Koltsovo Airport (SVX), Russia. One pilot was killed. The other four survived with minor injuries.Following the application of full power for a night takeoff the aircraft swung to the right. The swing continued through approximately 180 degrees and the aircraft collided with a light aircraft waiting to take off. Two passengers were seriously injured and the aircraft was substantially damaged when the rotating propeller of the light aircraft pierced the fuselage.During the final approach phase of the flight (at 100-150 feet), the F-27 collided with a Cessna 310 (N1807H). Both aircraft were approaching runway 19 in VFR conditions. The Cessna was descending above the F-27 and struck the no. 1 prop, careened from the left wing and crashed out of control.Both engines failed. The Twin Pioneer crash-landed while attempting a forced landing.The USAF Globemaster transport plane operated on a flight from Dover AFB, DE (DOV) to Mildenhall RAF Station (MHZ) in the U.K. Intermediate stops were planned at Stephenville-Harmon AFB, NF and at Terceira-Lajes AFB, Azores (LFB). The airplane took off from Harmon AFB in heavy fog and collided with a 450 feet hill.The USAF Globemaster transport plane operated on a flight from Dover AFB, DE (DOV) to Mildenhall RAF Station (MHZ) in the U.K. Intermediate stops were planned at Stephenville-Harmon AFB, NF and at Terceira-Lajes AFB, Azores (LFB). The airplane took off from Harmon AFB in heavy fog and collided with a 450 feet hill.Crashed.Crashed on approach to Wiesbaden.On a northbound takeoff, the KC-97G lost directional control. The nose gear collapsed as the plane skidded off the runway into a refueling pit, where it was destroyed by fire.A Douglas DC-4 transport plane, operated by the Royal Thai Air Force (RTAF) was destroyed when it flew into the side of Wuzhi Mountain near Taipei, Taiwan. All 18 on board were killed. Among the passengers was the RTAF chief and other officialsThe Packet was on an air maintenance sortie when an engine lost power. A forced landing was carried out on a rivulet in a mountainous area. The aircraft struck a boulder. The ejection crew survived the impact.The Curtiss was flying the last (Cordoba-Buenos Aires) leg of a flight from Salta to Buenos Aires. The plane departed Cordoba at 18:46 and climbed to the cruising level of 2700 m. Approaching Buenos Aires, the plane was cleared for a runway 12 instrument approach. At 1300 m short of the runway and 175 m to the right of the extended centreline, the aircraft hit a 8 m high railway signal pole. The outer part of the right wing separate and the Curtiss turned about 45deg to the right, striking a group of trees and telegraph lines. The aircraft came down in a public area and caught fire.Crashed while firebombing at Winslow, AZ.During fire fighting operations "Marianas Mars" CF-LYJ hit treetops and crashed into Mount Moriarty, near Parksville, British Columbia, killing all 4 crew. The Il-18 was en route at a height of 6100 m when the generator of engine no. 3 failed. Debris punctured an oil line. A fire erupted but the fire extinguishing system failed. The crew carried out an emergency descent and decided to make a belly landing in a field.Damaged beyond repair after ground collision with Lockheed Constellation N5595A.Damaged beyond repair after ground collision with DC-7 N312A.Crashed from 400 meters altitude while dropping skydivers and equipment over exercise area.The aircraft struck the water and capsized.Destroyed on the ground after being hit by mortar fire.The Lockheed Starliner struck an earth abutment short of the runway, shearing off the undercarriage. The plane continued down the runway for 2/3 mile before coming to rest.The C-54 plane was chartered to fly from Hamburg to Leopoldville with intermediate stops at Luxembourg (where the 2 passengers boarded the plane and some cargo was taken on), Tripoli, and Kano. During a night time approach to Kano runway 07 the plane crashed 2nm short of the threshold and caught fire.Crashed.Crashed at sea, 32 minutes after takeoff from Dover AFB, DE, near the SHAD intersection (37° 43’ N 73° W).Damaged beyond repair.Struck Mount Chichibu during a training flight.14 hijackers demanded to be taken to the USA. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Destroyed on the ground following an attack.Continental Flight 11 took off from Chicago-O'Hare (ORD) at 20:35 for a one hour flight to Kansas City (MKC). The airplane climbed to FL390 and was vectored around a storm area. Just before the Waverly controller wanted to hand off Flight 11 Kansas City Center, in the vicinity of Centerville, IA, an explosive decompression occurred. The flight crew initiate the required emergency descent procedures and donned their smoke masks due to the dense fog which formed in the cabin immediately after the decompression. At separation of the tail, the remaining aircraft structure pitched nose down violently, causing the engines to tear off, after which it fell in uncontrolled gyrations. The fuselage of the Boeing 707, minus the aft 38 feet, and with part of the left and most of the right wing intact, struck the ground, headed westerly down a 10-degree slope of an alfalfa field.Crashed in residential area and caught fire.A Douglas C-47 transport plane had just dropped paratroopers near Kaimana when it was intercepted by a Lockheed SP-2H Neptune, 207, operated by the Dutch Navy. Bursts of 20 mm board cannon fire caused a fire on the left hand wing of the C-47. The airplane ditched at sea and all crew members were rescued.An engine caught fire, forcing the crew to ditch the Beverley in Chichester Harbour.Crashed into mountain in poor weather. The C-130 carried support personnel and equipment for the recovery team of the Aurora 7, the second American manned orbital flight.A fatigue failure of the no. 1 engine forced the crew of the DC-3 to continue on a single engine (no. 2). After a while the remaining engine lost power due to overheating. The aircraft crashed.The Boeing 707 aircraft, named "Chateau de Sully", was on a non-scheduled (charter) international flight from Paris (ORY) to Atlanta (ATL) and Houston via New York (JFK). Ten crew and 122 passengers were on the flight when, after a considerable delay to await the arrival of passengers, it was cleared to take off from runway 08 at Orly Airport at 11:32 UTC. It aligned itself for takeoff and waited 6 seconds, which permitted the setting and checking of takeoff parameters on the four engines. Full thrust was applied, and the aircraft accelerated normally. From testimony and flight recorder data, the takeoff was reconstructed as follows. Between 20 to 40 seconds after the start of the roll, the rate of acceleration was steady at 1.80 m/s2. The aircraft rolled along the runway centre line without showing any tendency to veer to either side. V1, determined as 147 kt IAS, was attained after a ground roll of 1500 m. This was followed by VR, 158 kt IAS. Forty-eight seconds after the beginning of the takeoff run and approximately when passing the 1800 m mark, the aircraft reached the rotation speed (VR), and the pilot-in-command initiated the takeoff manoeuvre by pulling backwards on the control column. According to witnesses, the aircraft made an incomplete rotational movement about 2100 m from the threshold. It remained for 4 to 6 seconds with its nose slightly raised. Then the nose dropped when the brakes were applied. Thick smoke streamed from the wheels. The aircraft was 2600 m from its starting point and had reached a maximum speed of 179 kt IAS. It braked for the last 680 m of the runway with an average deceleration of 1.2 to 1.3 m/s After 250 m of braking the aircraft veered slightly to the left, and 50deg of flap were selected. Then after another 250 m the aircraft listed heavily to starboard. Its path then curved right, which suggests a possible attempt to ground loop. However, the aircraft's speed precluded the success of this manoeuvre, and it left the runway while still on the centre line. It rolled for a while on the grass extension of the runway but, because of the unevenness of the terrain and the high speed of the aircraft (160 kt), the port gear broke off 110 m from the end of the runway and was wrenched away. The aircraft pivoted left, and engines No. 1 and 2 scraped the ground. Fire broke out in the port wing at the level of the landing gear. About 300 m beyond the end of the runway the aircraft crossed the encircling road. The starboard gear collapsed, and No. 2 engine broke loose. It then struck the approach lights, which represented a considerable obstacle. It started to disintegrate when reaching the hollow at the end of the runway extension, which descends at a steep angle towards the Seine. The front part of the fuselage struck a house and garage. The nose of the aircraft broke away, and the rest of the fuselage came to a stop 100 m further on. The site of the accident was 550 m beyond the end of runway 08 on its extended centre line, at an elevation of 89 m.The DC-3 crashed shortly after takeoff for a cargo flight to Beirut.The DC-3 crashed shortly after takeoff for a cargo flight to Beirut.The aircraft from the Fleet Airborne Reconnaissance Sqdrn Two (VQ-2) crashed when the tail empennage tore off in flight.Nose wheel doors were not closed and locked, causing them to be torn off on landing allowing water to enter the wheel well severely damaging the aircraft.Nose wheel doors were not closed and locked, causing them to be torn off on landing allowing water to enter the wheel well severely damaging the aircraft.The Neptune suffered a loss of directional control on landing and ran off the runway, coming to rest in a ditch.Crashed during a crop-spraying flight on the "72 km" fields of the Dukcha sovkhoz near Magadan.The transport plane crashed about ten minutes after takeoff from Mong-Hpayak Airport.The C-46 crashed into a hillside in foggy weather during a supply dropping mission in Northern Laos.Crashed on landing.The Convair was operating on a flight from Providence to Tulsa. The last intermediate stop was at Joplin, were it departed at 23:23 CST. At 23:47 the flight reported crossing the south leg of Chanute low frequency range and was cleared direct to Owasso by Tulsa Approach Control. After hearing the Tulsa weather (1,75 mile visibility) the crew chose to make the Owasso (straight in, runway 17) approach instead of an ILS approach. At 24:00 the flight reported over Owasso inbound and was cleared to land on runway 17L. At that moment the approach checklist had been completed and the aircraft was at an altitude of 1200-1300 feet. The captain's altimeter setting was ground level, the 1st officer's setting was mean sea level. Reading 1200-1300 feet from the 1st officer's altimeter, the captain may have thought that they had some 800-900 feet to descend before reaching minima, while his own altimeter read about 700 feet. This may have prompted the captain to permit the descent to continue without realizing the close proximity of the ground.The DC-3 struck a wall after touchdown. The airplane operated on a flight from Rome to Catania, ItalyHijacker(s) demanded to be taken to Mexico. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Flight 222 to Quito departed Guayaquil at 08:06. Some 13 minutes later the crew reported an ETA over the Manta intersection of 08:41. One minute later the pilot reported at 4000 feet and said they were maintaining this altitude. Further climb clearance was requested and which was granted at 08:40. At 08:41 the crew reported overhead the Manta beacon at 5000 feet and a Quito ETA of 09:16. Last contact with the flight was when it was cleared to climb above the clouds. At an altitude of 7500 feet the aircraft flew into Mount Illiniza in the Chugchilan mountain range.Crashed shortly after takeoff from Iwakuni, Japan, broke up and sank.The Freeland approach conditions were poor (restricted visibility and icing conditions) when the Viscount crew tried to perform a steep turn to align with the runway. A stall occurred, followed by an over-the-top spin. The crew didn't regain control and the aircraft crashed.Crashed following engine trouble.Crashed.The Handley Page Hermes was on a test flight when the controls became jammed. Eyewitnesses saw the plane descending in a series of dives and climbed until it crashed and caught fire.Forced down by rebels; damaged beyond repair.Strayed into Myanmar airspace. Crash-landed on River Irrawady.An Air Force C-119 (49-0195) en route from Sheppard AFB, TX (SPS) to Carswell AFB, TX (FWH) collided in midair with a C-124C Globemaster II 52-0981. The Globemaster was on a flight from Kelly AFB, TX (SKF) to Tinker AFB, OK (TIK).An Air Force C-119 (49-0195) en route from Sheppard AFB, TX (SPS) to Carswell AFB, TX (FWH) collided in midair with a C-124C Globemaster II 52-0981. The Globemaster was on a flight from Kelly AFB, TX (SKF) to Tinker AFB, OK (TIK).Shortly after takeoff from Miami a no. 3 engine fire forced the crew to return to the airport. Altitude was lost while in a right turn until the DC-7 crashed in an open marsh. The plane caught fire and disintegrated while skidding for a considerable distance.The aircraft was damaged beyond repair when the undercarriage collapsed on landing at Idg Guriat.The RC-121D departed McClellan AFB, CA (MCC) on a routine patrol mission over the Pacific. Immediately after takeoff a fire broke out in the no. 2 engine. The crew carried out a forced landing in a muddy field.The RC-121D departed McClellan AFB, CA (MCC) on a routine patrol mission over the Pacific. Immediately after takeoff a fire broke out in the no. 2 engine. The crew carried out a forced landing in a muddy field.Lodestar N300E had been leased to movie producer Michael Todd since October 1957 and flight crew was provided by Linden Flight Service. The DC-3 departed Manila for a non-scheduled flight to Cebu and a return flight via Marindugue, Iloilo and Bacolod. At 12:10 the flight took off for the last leg from Bacolod to Manila. At 5 to 8 feet from the ground the aircraft banked left. The pilot did not succeed in regaining control of the aircraft and decided to crash-land. A fire broke out after impact, destroying the main front section of the plane.On finals to Melbourne, the left main undercarriage struck an unmarked pile of gravel at the approach end of the runway. On rollout the landing gear leg collapsed. The Martin 4-0-4 caught fire and burned.Damaged beyond repair in accident.Crashed on test flight prior to delivery to Eastern Air Lines.The R4Q transport aircraft was returning from a successful mission in the Philippines, accompanied by a Douglas AD-6 Skyraider (135350). Both aircraft an instrument approach into Okinawa-Naha AFB. Apparently the AD-6 had communication or navigation problems and elected to fly wing on the R4Q during the approach. Both planes collided and crashed in the Pacific Ocean.The Viking was approaching Cairo after a flight from Athens when bad weather forced the flight to divert to Port Said. On approach to Port Said, the aircraft crashed into Manzala Lake.The gear was retracted before the aircraft had lifted off, causing the aircraft to slide on its belly. A small fire in the nacelle of the no. 1 engine was extinguished.The DC-3, named "Coco de Mono", crashed at Hato, Apure."Destroyed".The Lisunov was en route between the ice stations Komsomol'skaya and Mirny when the crew failed to switch the fuel tank selector cock in time. The engines lost power and a crash-landing was carried out.Crashed during test flight prior to delivery to the United States Army (as 57-3079).The DC-7 was being used for a crew transitional training and checkout flight. One of the manoeuvres carried out was a maximum glide angle approach to landing. During the flare out of this manoeuvre a high descent rate continued until the aircraft struck the runway with heavy impact. A fire started and destroyed the plane.Nearly one hour following takeoff from Arica (ARI) a no. 2 engine power loss occurred. The aircraft was flying over the Andes at that moment, on its way to Puerto Suarez (PSZ). The C-46 was overloaded by 1000 lb (455 kg) and could not maintain altitude. The crew were forced to carry out a forced landing on a comparatively open, uphill area when the plane slid through several 3-4 feet high rock retaining walls. The initial cause of the engine malfunction could not be established, however as a result of it the exhaust valve of the no.10 cylinder had failed from its piston beating against the spark plugs and cylinder head. This probably ruptured the intake port, and reduced manifold pressure to atmospheric pressure (22" in flight).Crashed near Kintamani, Bali, Indonesia.The Neptune crashed onto the banks of the Hawkesbury River at Cornwallis, Richmond, NSW, Australia after a fire in the port engine nacelle, caused by the disintegration of the power recovery turbine wheel (PRT) for the engine. The disintegration of the PRT caused the severing of fuel lines inside the wheel well, which then ignited the fuel spewing out of the lines. The ensuing fire burned fiercely and before the aircraft could enter into an emergency landing pattern the fire burned through to the wing subsequently causing the wing to fail in-flight a short time later.Not providedDitched.The crew of Flight AA320 were carrying out an ILS backcourse approach to New York-La Guardia (LGA) runway 22 with autopilot engaged. The Lockheed Electra aircraft descended until it struck the water some 5000 feet short of the runway and 600 feet to the right of the extended centreline. Ground speed on impact was 150 mph and undercarriage and flaps were extended. The wreckage sank in 10 m deep East River. Weather at the time of the accident was marginal with a 300-400 feet ceiling, 2 miles visibility in light rain and fog with a 6 knots SSW wind.The General Airways DC-3 was being used for a Civil Air Movement of military personnel from Boise to Lackland AFB via Pueblo. On the final leg of the flight icing weather conditions were encountered. The accretion of ice on the aircraft became critical and the flight crew attempted to reach Kerrville but ran out of fuel, crash-landed in trees and caught fire.The Il-12 was on its first flight after reassembly in Antarctica when it undershot the runway at Mirny Ice Station. It hit zastrugi close to the threshold of the only partially prepared ice landing strip near Mirny Ice Station. The landing gear collapsed and the airplane suffered structural deformation.Crashed on takeoff when a trimmer changed position unintentionally and a prop feathered simultaneously. Only the tail gunner survived.Crashed shortly after takeoff.Missing. Found crashed by search helicopter on side of Volcán Osorno (2652 meters high) 30 January 1959. Pilot former sprinter athlete and Olympic Games member Reinaldo Martín Müller.Broke up when it flew into the water during an approach to Norfolk NAS. The seaplane had conducted a routine patrol flight over the Atlantic Ocean.The Dakota stalled and crashed on takeoff. Investigation revealed that the elevators were still locked.The aircraft was on a special flight from Ankara to London via Rome with Adnan Menderes the Prime Minister of Turkey and a party of Turkish Government officials on board. The aircraft left Rome at 13:02. TC-SEV called London Airways at 15:56 after passing Abbeville and was cleared by ATC to the Epsom Radio Range station, the holding point for London Airport. Because of poor visibility at destination London (Heathrow) Airport, the London Airport Commandant decided to inform the Turkish captain that he should divert to Gatwick. At 16:21 hrs the aircraft reported over the Epsom range and was given diversion instructions. At 16:27 it left Epsom for Mayfield, the holding point for Gatwick, where it was informed by Gatwick Approach Control that it would be positioned by radar for an ILS approach to runway 09. The latest weather report for Gatwick was given as wind calm, visibility 1.1 nm, mist, cloud 3 oktas at 600 feet, QFE 1036 mb. Over the Mayfield NDB at 4,000 feet the flight was instructed to steer a course of 280 and to descend to 2,000 feet. This was acknowledged. A further descent clearance was given to 1500 feet. The aircraft overshot the centre line slightly as it turned on to the ILS approach path. At 5nm from touchdown, the aircraft affirmed that it could continue on the ILS. TC-SEV was then asked to change to tower frequency and this request was acknowledged. This was the last communication with the aircraft. At a position of some 5 km from the runway threshold and 550 feet to the north of the approach path centre line, the aircraft contacted tops of trees 390 feet amsl at the edge of Jordan's Wood. The aircraft began to disintegrate as it descended through the trees at an angle of about 6 degrees from the horizontal until the wheels made contact with the ground. After rising again slightly the main part of the wreckage came to rest about 100 yards further on and then caught fire.While trying to fly below the clouds to Amman, the Convair struck some trees and crashed, 11,85 miles from its destination.The Curtiss settled back and landed wheel-up just after becoming airborne while taking off from Miami.Three crew members and one passenger demanded political asylum after landing at Miami.The Dakota was taking off when the plane deviated to the right. An overcorrection caused a sharp turn left. The plane headed towards a few other aircraft, but the pilot thought he could clear those by initiating an early takeoff. This didn't work out and the DC-3 collided with two other aircraft: PT-ABZ and PP-HDJ. The DC-3 crashed and caught fire.Not providedThe aircraft crashed on a hillside with a 10deg upslope, 1,5 miles from the Siuna departure runway.An Avia 14 transport plane was destroyed when it crashed into a hill near Kromeriz, Czech Republic. All seven on board were killed.Ditched into the Atlantic in high winds.Crashed.The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) acquired seven Neptunes in 1954 and configured them with cameras and electronics intelligence gear. Five of those were stationed in Taiwan and operated by the Republic of China Air Force.The Super Trader had made an en route stop at Brindisi while on its way to Australia. The aircraft started the takeoff from runway 32 and swerved left off the runway after a 550 m ground run. Rough terrain caused the left landing gear leg to be torn off. The plane came to rest at 820 m past the runway threshold and burst into flames.Curtiss CF-IHQ took off from a dewline airstrip at 00:27 for a flight to another airstrip. The aircraft was on the downwind leg when it struck the ground at 780 feet asl.Curtiss CF-IHQ took off from a dewline airstrip at 00:27 for a flight to another airstrip. The aircraft was on the downwind leg when it struck the ground at 780 feet asl.The DC-3 crashed into a mountain while on a cargo flight from Picota.SAM Flight 901 departed San Andres Island for a flight to Medellin. no. 1 engine problems (overspeeding) developed after 19:42 GMT. The crew radioed Medellin that they were returning to Planeta Rica, but the plane crashed 11 km NW of Planeta Rica.SAM Flight 901 departed San Andres Island for a flight to Medellin. no. 1 engine problems (overspeeding) developed after 19:42 GMT. The crew radioed Medellin that they were returning to Planeta Rica, but the plane crashed 11 km NW of Planeta Rica.Electra N121US was operating on Northwest Flight 710 from Minneapolis (MSP) to Chicago (MDW) and Miami (MIA). The flight departed Minneapolis at 12:51 and arrived at Midway at 13:55. During the short time the aircraft was on the ground at Chicago, approximately 30 minutes, it was refueled and prepared for continuation of the flight to Miami. The flight departed Chicago at 14:38. At 14:45, the flight reported to the Indianapolis, Indiana, ARTC Center over Milford at 18,000 feet and estimating Scotland, Indiana, at 15:12. At 15:13, Flight 710 reported over Scotland maintaining 18,000 feet and estimating Bowling Green, Kentucky, at 15:35. This was the last radio contact with the flight.After landing at Nagoya, the C-47 made a u-turn and taxied towards the terminal. At the same time, a Japan Air Self Defence Force (JASDF) North American F-86D Sabre fighter (94-8137) took off from the same runway. The fighter plane collided with the aft fuselage and tail of the All Nippon aircraft. The Sabre crashed and burned but the pilot survived.During a final approach to land at night the aircraft struck a ridge at a point 345 feet above runway level and approximately 2 miles from the runway threshold. As a result of the impact the wheels of both main landing gears and the fuel tank attached to the port wing were torn off and the port wing flaps damaged. The approach was discontinued and an emergency landing, with damaged landing gear down, was made on another runway.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.Both engines failed. The Twin Pioneer carried out a forced landing in a clearing and tipped up.A US Navy Douglas R5D-3 (DC-4) sustained substantial damage in a belly landing in the Spanish Sierra Nevada mountain range. None of the 24 on board were killed.Crashed in the Italian Alps.The starboard main gear leg collapsed during landing rollout at London. It appeared that the failure resulted from a fracture of the radius rod attachment lugs on the main undercarriage leg casing.Crashed in the jungle.The no. 2 engine quit right after takeoff. The Dakota banked to the right, causing the wingtip to strike the ground. The plane then cartwheeled and came to rest with a small fire erupting in the area of the no. 1 engine. This fire was quickly put out.The C-119 made a forced landing on the beach near Botricello after a runaway propeller. The slope of the beach caused it to veer into the water where the tide destroyed it overnight. The crew was able to escape over the top of the airplane and swim the few yards to shore.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.During the landing roll the port main landing gear collapsed and the aircraft swung to the left off the runway. The pilots reported that before and after touchdown the landing gear position indicator showed all units locked down. Subsequent investigation revealed a fatigue failure of the port landing gear downlock latch plate.Following a normal touchdown on the runway the aircraft swung to the left and came to rest with the lower forward part of the fuselage in contact with the ground and the port main gear tire deflated.The Hastings departed RAF Katunayake at 17:34 for a flight over the Indian Ocean to RAF Gan in the Maldives. Weather near Gan was poor with heavy rain and thunderstorm. The first approach was abandoned and the pilot decided to hold for 20 minutes, hoping the storm would pass. During the second approach a lightning flash blinded the pilots, during which the aircraft descended to a height just above the sea. The aircraft then hit the sea and crashed.The flight was the last being made in order to complete the pilot's training for a DC-4 type rating. The crew consisted of an instructor, the trainee-pilot, a radio operator and an engineer. The first training session of the day had taken place during the afternoon from 16:38 - 17:55 UTC at which time the pilot had performed ten takeoffs and landings for the instructor including several with one engine inoperative and the propeller feathered. Circuits had been flown at heights between 150 and 200 ft. The second part of the session was to include takeoffs with one engine on reduced power. Following a twenty-minute break, the aircraft took off from runway 12 in darkness at 18:16 hours, flew along its extended centreline, made a 180° turn and landed in the opposite direction on runway 30 at 18:26 hours. After making a halfturn at the end of the runway, the aircraft took off at 18:31 hours from runway 12. Power on the no. 4 engine was reduced during the takeoff. The aircraft had difficulty in lifting off the ground but finally became airborne on the last third of the runway. The landing gear and flaps, were retracted immediately and the plane entered a very shallow climb. Approximately 1200 m from the end runway 30, the propeller of engine no. 2 slashed a tree, severing it and smashing the propeller to pieces. The aircraft was then nosed up but struck a second tree. Momentum was lost, course was altered and the aircraft broke up, cutting a swath in the trees. Following the second impact the fuel tanks burst and caught fire. Propellers 1, 3 and 4 and engines Nos. 1, 2 and 3 were projected forward; the left wing and left wing root ripped from the fuselage which continued on its path. The right wing then smashed against a tree 200 m from the first point of impact and fell in front of the fuselage after losing engine no. 4 in its fall.KLM Flight 823 departed Amsterdam on June 11 at 18:50 for a flight to Kuala Lumpur via Munich, Rome, Cairo, and Karachi. The Electra was approaching Cairo runway 34 when it crashed 4 km short of the runway threshold, at a point 60 m above threshold level.Visibility was poor at Itami when the All Nippon Viscount approached the airport. A steep descending turn at 1000 feet, half a mile short of the runway, had to be made to line up with runway 32. Immediately before touchdown the plane lost height rapidly and landed heavily, causing the right hand main gear leg to collapse.DC-7 PH-DSN departed New York-Idlewild for Bradley Field where 73 passengers boarded the plane . At 22:26 the aircraft departed for Amsterdam with a planned intermediate stop at Prestwick. At 07:15 GMT, while cruising at FL170 over the Atlantic Ocean, heavy vibration occurred in the no. 1 engine and propeller. The aircraft lost speed and started to descend. The crew prepared for a ditching when suddenly at 07:30 the no. 1 engine broke loose and fell into the sea. The flight continued and landed safely at Prestwick around 08:45.The Hastings transport plane was doing a practice supply drop at RAF Seletar when an engine lost power. The aircraft stalled and crashed.Skidded off runway.The C-124 transport plane was returning men who had participated in Exercise Lava Plains at Yakima, WA. It carried an additional truck, jeep and two trailers.Flight 1902, a cargo flight from Sydney to Brisbane, took off at 02:29. The flight crew reported 30 miles south of the airport and were given landing information. At 04:34 they reported the field in sight. The DC-4 didn't arrive at Brisbane and was later found to have crashed on Bulwer Island in a tidal covered mangrove-covered mud flat.The left tyre of the Avro York plane burst on takeoff. A forced landing was carried out back at Azaiba and the aircraft swung off the runway, collapsing the undercarriage.The Boeing Stratoliner departed Saigon at 03:40 GMT for an IFR flight to Vientiane. At 04:10 GMT the aircraft returned to Saigon with the no. 4 engine shut down. A runway 25 overshoot was made due to suddenly deteriorating weather (visibility declining from 500-1000 m to 50-80 m). A violent squall blew the plane to the right causing it to strike the ground and crash.The Shackleton suffered taxiing accident at Gan. It was ferried to Singapore-Seletar Airport where it was withdrawn from use.Crashed into the water.Crashed shortly after takeoff.The DC-3 impacted the side of a mountain at 4700 feet, 20 minutes after takeoff from San José-La Sabana Airport Costa Rica.The KC-135 tanker descended below the glide slope while approaching Carswell AFB (FWH) in thick fog. It struck the roof of a state highway department warehouse and hit a power pole. It crashed short of the runway and caught fire.Crashed at sea 33 minutes after takeoff from Tachikawa AB, Japan.VIASA Flight 897 operated on the route Rome - Madrid (MAD) - Lisbon (LIS) - Santa Maria (SMA) - Caracas (CCS) when it landed at Lisbon at 00:06 UTC. Following a crew change and inspection by KLM maintenance personnel the flight was cleared for a runway 23 departure. The DC-8 took off at 01:15, heading the Capiraca (LS) NDB. At 01:18:37 the aircraft advised that the cloud base was at 3700 ft and changed to the Lisbon area control frequency. It reported again at 01:19 :25 to Lisbon Control that it was "over LS at 19 climbing through FL 60". This message ended with two quickly spoken sentences. This was the last radio contact with the flight. The DC-8 entered a spiral dive to the left during the last message, banking to the left to 90° within about 20 seconds and striking the water after another 15 seconds . During the last 15 seconds, the bank was overcorrected to the right. It struck the sea with a pitch angle of approximately 25° nose down, while it was probably banking 30° to the right.Air France flight 406 was carried out by a Lockheed L-1649A Starliner named "De Grasse". It was a scheduled flight from Brazzaville (BZV) to Paris with intermediate stops at Bangui Airport (BGF), Central African Republic, Fort Lamy Airport (NDJ), now N'Djamena in Chad, and Marseille. Cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet the empennage failed. The Starliner broke up in flight and crashed in the Sahara desert. It is thought that the empennage broke away as a result of the detonation of a nitrocellulose explosive device.Crashed at night.The DC-3 crashed and caught fire 300yds from the airport.One hijacker demanded to be taken to Cuba. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Crashed at 17010 feet.The C-46 transport plane, carrying 6 tons of meat, suffered a loss of engine power shortly after takeoff from Bangui. The aircraft was damaged beyond repair in the forced landing.Following a flight from San Francisco, the DC-8 made a normal approach was, crossing the runway threshold at 131/133 knots. The airplane touched down on the wet runway in the vicinity of the GCA touchdown point and reverse thrust was applied immediately. Wheel brakes were applied as soon as the nose wheel touched the ground. Ground spoilers and reverse functioned normally and speed fell to 60 knots IAS. At this point reverse thrust was cancelled. Deceleration thereafter was very poor and reverse with full power was re-applied. The emergency airbrake system was used but the aircraft ran off the end of the 8,900 feet runway and came to rest after the main gear entered a ditch 9 feet. wide and 6 feet deep, situated 150 feet beyond the end of the runway.Damaged beyond repair in a ground accident.The DC-3 took off for a training flight for two pilots to become instructors in the FAA DC-3 type rating course. During this flight a Vmc demonstration was to be performed at low altitude in the Canadian River area. Two and a half hours after takeoff the aircraft was seen flying at 200-500 feet altitude in the Canadian River area. The DC-3 lost control and crashed in a near vertical descent.The Douglas C-47D impacted Mount Parker in foggy weather conditions, shortly after departure from Hong Kong-Kai Tak Airport.The DC-3 was destroyed in a bombing raid by U.S. B-26 bombers at the beginning of the Bay of Pigs Invasion.Eight CIA-supplied Douglas B-26B Invader bombers attacked the airport of Santiago in Cuba just prior to the Bay of Pigs Invasion.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The Convair struck a eucalyptus tree at a height of 40 m, 1860 m short of runway 23. At that point of the approach, the aircraft should have been at 150 m agl.The no. 2 engine failed on takeoff. The tanker became airborne but failed to gain height. The left wing contacted the ground and the airplane crashed.The no. 2 engine failed on takeoff. The tanker became airborne but failed to gain height. The left wing contacted the ground and the airplane crashed.Force landed following an engine failure. The propeller failed to feather.Indian Airlines Flight 106 departed from Bangalore for Bombay at 15:55 on a scheduled domestic flight. After a normal takeoff and climb, the aircraft was cruising at flight level 85 with the engines operating at 29" manifold pressure and 2050 rpm. BMEP gauges were not fitted. At 16:30 hours the flight reported its position 100 miles out from Bangalore and estimated Bombay FIR boundary at 17:00. The flight was uneventful up to about 16:50 when the pilot heard a loud "thud" which he believed to be an engine misfiring. This was followed by the aircraft losing height rapidly. The auto pilot was disengaged and the aircraft was trimmed for manual flight. In order to maintain height the pilot applied climb power, and then METO power by moving the pitch and throttle controls forward, and although the manifold pressure increased first to 35" and then to 40", the engine speed remained constant at 2050 rpm and the aircraft continued to lose height at a descent rate of 1500 feet per minute. Cylinder head temperatures were not apparently noted. The pilot eventually made a wheels-up landing in a ploughed field at an elevation of 1900 ft.The DC-3 had descended to 1000 feet while approaching Portsmouth in low clouds and drizzle conditions. The plane collided with the cloud shrouded St. Boniface Down, crashed and burst into flames.Destroyed in hangar fire.Damaged and sank after swung on landing in crosswind.The Constellation plane was being used to train the co-pilot in various manoeuvres and flight configurations prior to being tested for an ATPL (Airline Transport Pilot Rating) and to train a flight maintenance technician as a flight engineer. The aircraft crashed while carrying out a go-around at Topham Field, Canton Island.Crashed.Flew into the Pico Bonito in the Serrania del Baudó mountain range.Blown up by OAS terrorists while in store.The C-123 landed in error at the small Hipp Khanh airstrip near the DMZ. The pilot mistook people on the ground for hostiles and attempted to takeoff. The airstrip was too short and the airplane force landed.Second prototype; aircraft exploded in flight while trying to divert due to an engine fire.The R4D-5 transport plane crashed from an altitude of about 10 feet during takeoff. A fire erupted.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed on takeoff.The Vice President, General Manager and Superintendent of Maintenance went to the repair facility to inspect the aircraft following overhaul, installation of new engines and modifications of the DC-3 N3588. The Superintendent of Maintenance decided to test-fly the plane personally (he was not type-rated on the plane and had very limited DC-3 experience) with a technician (who was a rated private pilot) in the right-hand seat. During takeoff, the DC-3 became airborne in an excessively nose-high attitude. The plane continued at a very low airspeed in the nose-high position with the gear down. At an altitude of about 300 feet agl the plane stalled, pitched down, and turned 150deg to the left before striking the ground. The aircraft caught fire after impact.A Tupolev 104B passenger plane operated by Aeroflot's East Siberia division, was destroyed in an accident near Irkutsk Airport (IKT), Russia. There were 27 passengers and eight crew members on board. Two passengers survived the accident.Written off.The DC-4 ditched off South Caicos Island following loss of power on two engines.Flight AR-527/03 was a scheduled domestic flight from Mendoza to Buenos Aires Aeroparque, Argentina, via Pajas Blancas Airport. The flight plan for the trip was prepared in Mendoza by the airline's dispatcher and was approved by the chief of the Operations Office as well as by the Northwest Regional Control Area. The aircraft was cleared to fly at 8700 m with reporting points along the airway at Chanar-Pampa Salinas and at the entrance to the Terminal Area. The aircraft took off from Mendoza at 1750 hours and made its first contact by radio with Pajas Blancas Airport control tower at 1840 hours. Six minutes later it was cleared for an instrument approach to runway 17. The approach was initiated at a height of 1500 m which was contrary to the regulation height of 3300 m prescribed for jet aircraft. A magnetic heading of 400 was flown on the outbound track and the aircraft was above the cloud layer at a height of 1054 m above the ground. After the time prescribed in the airline's approach chart had elapsed, a left hand turn was initiated, to intercept QDM 200 degrees. During the turn the height was maintained with landing gear extended, flaps at 20deg and an indicated airspeed of 140 kt. On completion of the turn a magnetic heading of 200deg was flown towards the beacon, and the aircraft resumed its descent until intercepting VOR radial 168. At this point the pilot thought he was 250 m above the ground and, still flying on instruments, he intercepted the VOR and changed course to 170 degrees. When he did not make visual contact withFlight 441 departed Whenuapai at 08:21 for a flight to Tauranga (TRG). En route to Tauranga, the DC-3 crashed into a face of a rock of the Kaimai Range at an altitude of 2460 feet.Impacted terrain during landing in poor weather conditions.Takeoff from Rochester-Monroe County runway 28 was began as a thunderstorm moved over the runway from the West-Northwest. After lift-off, the aircraft entered an area of heavy rain, shifting winds and hail. The left wing made contact with the ground and the Martin cartwheeled to a stop.Crashed on takeoff.The DC-3 collided with trees on high ground and crashed. Weather was bad with thick fog and 8/8 overcast ceiling.The Ilyushin stalled and crashed. The airplane took part in the 3rd Soviet Antarctic expedition in 1958.The Bristol 170 aircraft was being operated by Manx Airlines on a flight from the Isle Of Man (IOM) to Manchester (MAN). Prior to takeoff, in order to avoid delay, a clearance to fly at 1500 ft was offered and accepted. In the light of past experience the captain anticipated that he would be cleared to a higherDestroyed by fire on the ground.Disappeared between checkpoints Mahogany and Pendulum during routine barrier flight.Crashed into Lake Michigan when caught by wind during takeoff from Meigs Field. It came to rest just 50 feet offshore.The de Havilland Heron was on a ferry flight from Bahrain to England for inspections and modifications. The flight left Athens at 14:07 GMT for an IFR flight plan flight to Rome. En route the crew requested a lower flight level, but this was not granted because the requested level was below safety minimums. The aircraft did not arrive at Rome and was found to have crashed against the southeast slope of Mount Scifarello at a height of about 5675 feet (1730 m).The right wing tip float contacted the water during a shallow turn for final approach. The aircraft struck the water violently and sank in 36 m of water in about 10 minutes.The Tu-104 was on a ferry flight to Vnukovo (VNO) when bad weather forced the crew to divert to Savasleika Air Base due to bad weather atThe Li-2 taxied out for takeoff at the Mirny Ice Station. Due to a locked tail skid the aircraft failed to make a U-turn to enter the runway. The airplane got stuck on the edge of the ice. An attempt was made to pull the aircraft to safety by means of a tractor, but the ice started crumbling and the aircraft fell.8 hijackers demanded to be taken to North Korea. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The VC-47 was en route from Ramstein, Germany to a base near Istanbul in Turkey. An intermediate stop was made in Naples, where it landed at 13:29. A Convair CV-240 passenger plane was destroyed in a crash-landing near Palm Springs, CA. Landing accident; damaged beyond repair.The aircraft was being used to fly the Manchester United football team to Belgrade. On the return flight a refueling stop was made at Munich-Riem. The Ambassador arrived there at 14:17 in snowy weather. At 15:20 the crew received clearance to taxi to runway 25. At 15:31 the aircraft started the takeoff roll. An uneven engine tone and fluctuating pressure caused the crew to abandon the takeoff. The aircraft backtracked and was cleared for a second attempt. This time the no. 1 engine pressure rose, causing the crew to abandon this takeoff attempt as well. The aircraft taxied back to the tarmac and the crew discussed the problem. It was decided that opening the throttles more slowly, could eliminate the problem of 'boost surging'. Although fresh snow was falling, most of it was thought to have been blown off by the first two attempts to take off. Also, the few centimeters of slush and snow on the runway were not considered a problem by the airport authorities at the time. Around 16:00 the aircraft was again cleared to taxi to and takeoff from runway 25. Accelerating through 85 knots into the takeoff the no. 1 engine surged slightly. The no. 1 engine was throttled down until the surging stopped; power was then applied slowly again. The nose was lifted as the Ambassador accelerated. At 117 knots V1 was called. Before reaching V2 (119 kts) the aircraft entered an area of even slush. The airspeed dropped to about 105 knots, an speed insufficient to become airborne. Also, there was not enough runway length available to stop. The Ambassador ran off the runway and crashed through a boundary fence. After crossing a small road, the aircraft slammed into a house and a tree. The plane skidded another 100yds until striking a wooden garage containing a truck. The garage burst into flames and the forward section slid on for another 70yds before coming to rest.The aircraft suffered a double engine failure and overturned when the pilot was attempting an emergency landing. One crew member was killed in the crash.The copilot was making an ILS approach to runway 19 at Amsterdam-Schiphol International Airport, the Netherlands. At an altitude of approximately 200 feet he decided to abandon the approach and called for gear up and takeoff power. At this instant, the captain took over the controls, called for gear down, and proceeded to complete the landing. The landing gear had not reached the downlock position and retracted during the landing roll.During a night takeoff from Rio de Janeiro-Santos Dumont Airport, the no. 4 engine failed. The crew abandoned the takeoff, reduced power and applied the brakes. At 100 m before the runway end a tyre from the landing gear burst, causing the DC-4 to run off the side of the runway bursting into flames.The C-118A departed Long Beach at 19:08 for a flight to McGuire AFB. While climbing under VFR the aircraft collided with a US Navy Lockheed P2V-5F Neptune patrol bomber (127723). The Neptune had just departed from Los Alamitos for a training flight. The C-118 disintegrated and crashed through the roof of a service station. The Neptune crashed into an excavated clay pit on Norwalk Boulevard. Two occupants from the Neptune survived the accident.A USAF Douglas C-118A transport plane (53-3277, msn 44648/602) departed Long Beach Airport, California at 19:08 for a flight to McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey. While climbing under VFR the aircraft collided with a US Navy Lockheed P2V-5F Neptune (127723). The Neptune had just departed from Los Alamitos for a training flight. The C-118 disintegrated and crashed through the roof of a service station. The Neptune crashed into an excavated clay pit on Norwalk Boulevard. Two occupants from the Neptune survived the accident.Not providedCrashed into the mountains while on a flight from Tipuani to La Paz.Crashed into the mountains while on a flight from Tipuani to La Paz.Missing over the Pacific Ocean. The Stratofreighter was on a flight from Fairfield-Travis AFB, CA (SUU) to Tokyo, Japan with stops scheduled at Hickam AFB (HIK), Hawaii and Wake Island (AWK).On departure from Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan, the U.S. Navy R6D-1 Liftmaster experienced a failed engine during or immediately after takeoff. The plane struck a hillside, a mile from the runway. All 35 on board survived. Two suffered burn injuries.Crashed when the no. 1 engine caught fire after takeoff.The captain used the nondirectional radio homing beacon (DF) for navigation while flying over a remote area of Canada. He had not been advised that this facility is frequently unreliable at levels due to terrestrial conditions and normal atmospheric disturbances. The aircraft deviated from the planned course and crashed in a ridge, some 50 feet from the top.Crashed.The Lockheed crashed into woods while practicing instrument landings (IFR) in foggy drizzle weather.The Shackleton was engaged in Maritime Operational Training Unit (MOTU) training flights. The aircraft was flying night-time approaches at RAF Kinloss. During one of the circuits the Shackleton flew the pattern too high. It then flew into Haldon Hill, which was obscured by low clouds.The Shackleton was engaged in Maritime Operational Training Unit (MOTU) training flights. The aircraft was flying night-time approaches at RAF Kinloss. During one of the circuits the Shackleton flew the pattern too high. It then flew into Haldon Hill, which was obscured by low clouds.Crashed into mountain.The DC-3 left for a training flight at Poitiers; on board were a pilot-in-command/instructor, a flight mechanic, four trainee pilots and two passengers. With a trainee pilot at the controls, a break-through and landing on one engine was carried out. The landing was discontinued because the gear failed to lock down too late. When power was re-applied the DC-3 veered the right and crashed into the buildings of an army munitions dump.The Curtiss C-46 departed Merida at 15:05 for a flight to Lagunillas and Maracaibo. En route at 7000 feet it appeared that the El Callejon pass was cloud-covered. The aircraft made a 180deg turn over Ejido, started climbing and continued on a 30deg heading. Still in clouds, the aircraft crashed into the Páramo La Culata at an altitude of 13500 feet.Stalled on takeoff and crashed.Destroyed by fire.The Il-14 operated on a regular passenger service from Moscow-Vnukovo to Baku, Azerbaijan with intermediate stops at Voronezh and Stalingrad (now named Volgograd).Eastern Air Lines flight 704 took off from runway 27R at Miami International Airport at 16:21 hours.Departure for Mar del Plata was delayed by 35 minutes due to bad weather there. The plane finally took off from Buenos Aires at 19:50 for the IFR flight to Mar del Plata. Arriving near Mar del Plata, the flight was cleared for a runway 12 approach and landing. The aircraft arrived over the runway threshold at 85 m and attempted to land. The C-46 overshot without even touching the runway, and a missed approach procedure was carried out. At 1200 m offshore the aircraft descended gradually into the sea.The airplane lost directional control after a tyre burst on landing. The Valetta tipped up.The aircraft crashed into the ridge of a mountain range (Panther Peak) at an altitude of 8600 feet msl, located 45 miles to the right of the airway. The minimum safe altitude for the direct route Burbank-Seattle is 14500 feet compared to 8500 feet over the airway route.The crew were unable to maintain altitude after two engines had failed. The aircraft struck a Petrof Glacier between the 3000 and 4000 foot level, South of Homer.The Super Constellation operated on flight LH502 from Hamburg, Germany to Buenos Aires, Argentina with en route stops at Frankfurt, Paris, Lisbon, Dakar, Senegal and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The DC-3 departed Nashville for a flight to Knoxville and Tri-City with an inoperative radio compass. This defect was not entered in the aircraft log. The first leg of the flight was uneventful, apart from a 27 minute delay in the departure from Knoxville. Approaching Tri-City, the flight crew were cleared for an instrument runway 27 approach. Weather reported was 900 feet broken ceiling, 1700 feet overcast, visibility 3 miles, light snow, fog. The flight crew later reported not being able to pick up the Outer Marker visually, nor aurally due to problems with the ADF. The aircraft had passed east of the Outer Marker, turning beyond the normal procedure turn area and descending below surrounding terrain. The aircraft crashed on the northwest side of the rugged and heavily wooded Holston mountain range.The DC-3 was being operated on a San Pedro Sula-Copan Ruinas VFR return flight. The aircraft landed at Copan Ruinas at 10:33 following a 1 hour and 38 minute flight. To take on extra fuel, the aircraft had to be flown to Nueva Ocotepeque first; the DC-3 took off at 11:13 for this 18-minute flight. The aircraft, however, failed to arrive at it's destination. It appeared that the plane had crashed into the Pena Blanca Mountain.The Otter was part of Operation Deep Freeze IV in Antarctica. As the aircraft departed the Marble Point runway it made a very steep left turn and the left wing hit a small knoll. The aircraft cart-wheeled and crashed.The Otter was part of Operation Deep Freeze IV in Antarctica. As the aircraft departed the Marble Point runway it made a very steep left turn and the left wing hit a small knoll. The aircraft cart-wheeled and crashed.Damaged beyond repair.Super Constellation "Star of Balmoral" suffered a main gear collapse at Chicago-Midway. The aircraft was sustained irreparable damage.The An-10 lost control at from a height of 100 metres when the flaps were selected down to 45 degrees on finals. It crashed in swampy terrain 1,400 metres before the runway threshold of Lvov-Snilow Airport (LWO). One passenger survived the accident.The An-10 lost control at from a height of 100 metres when the flaps were selected down to 45 degrees on finals. It crashed in swampy terrain 1,400 metres before the runway threshold of Lvov-Snilow Airport (LWO). One passenger survived the accident.US Navy DC-6 131582 took off from Buenos Aires for a flight to Rio de Janeiro at 08:25. At 12:56 the crew reported over the BAGRE fix, entering the Rio Approach Control zone. The plane then descended to 1500 m reaching the Ilha Rasa (IH) NDB at 13:05. The crew were then instructed to arrive over the RJ NDB at 1800 m altitude and continue to the KX NDB descending to 1500 m. At the KX NDB the plane could enter the approach path for Galeao Airport.The aircraft crashed onto a hangar and burst into flames.The aircraft crashed onto a hangar and burst into flames.The aircraft crashed onto a hangar and burst into flames.The aircraft crash-landed at Keflavík, Iceland on/by February 20, 1960.The Comet flight crew were carrying out an approach and landing at Buenos Aires-Ezeiza during training flight. The aircraft landed heavily, forcing the main gear legs up through the wings. The Comet bounced and touched down several hundred yards further on; a fire then erupted.The aircraft, an executive conversion of a military Lockheed PV-1 Ventura, crashed near Madeira, Ohio, USA.The aircraft, an executive conversion of a military Lockheed PV-1 Ventura, crashed near Madeira, Ohio, USA.Destroyed when the An-2 returned after takeoff for an emergency landing, possibly due to icing.After landing, in surface wind reported as 285 degrees 21 knots, the aircraft taxied along runway 14. While the brakes were being applied to check the aircraft's speed prior to turn-off, the port main landing gear tyre burst. The aircraft tipped forward causing damage to the propellers and front lower fuselage structure.After landing, in surface wind reported as 285 degrees 21 knots, the aircraft taxied along runway 14. While the brakes were being applied to check the aircraft's speed prior to turn-off, the port main landing gear tyre burst. The aircraft tipped forward causing damage to the propellers and front lower fuselage structure.Crashed into Hon Chay Mountain (2,752 ft / 839 m high).The Curtiss was being used for a civil air movement of military personnel from Louisville to McGuire AFB. En route, in the Elkins-Charleston area light to moderate icing occurred. This required the use of wing de-icers and propeller anti-icers. Shortly after passing Baltimore the same weather conditions were encountered which required a power setting of 2400rpm and 38" manifold pressure. The plane lost altitude, which forced the crew to apply METO power setting of 2600rpm and 45" manifold pressure. During the final (GCA) approach to McGuire AFB the plane stalled and crash-landed 1200 feet short of the runway threshold.The DC-4 crashed shortly after takeoff into Laguna Huañacota, a mountain lagoon. Reportedly one engine had caught fire. A two-year old girl survived the impact but died on the way to a hospital.Destroyed on the ground when Boeing KC-135A Stratotanker 56-3628 crashed on takeoff.Destroyed on the ground when Boeing KC-135A Stratotanker 56-3628 crashed on takeoff.While on final approach to Nagpur (flying from Dhaka), a Slingsby T-21B glider (VT-GBZ) crossed the flight path of the DC-3. While trying to avoid a collision, the right wing of the DC-3 struck the glider. The glider crashed out of control. Both crew (instructor and trainee) were seriously injured; the trainee later died of his injuries. Crashed while taking off in extremely gusty crosswind conditions. The airplane skidded into two other KC-135 tankers (57-1449 and 57-1457) and a hangar, bursting into flames.A Fairchild C-82A Packet transport plane of Cruzeiro do Sul, PP-CEM, struck a parked Consolidated P4Y-2 Privateer, ZP-CAD with its wing.A Fairchild C-82A Packet transport plane of Cruzeiro do Sul, PP-CEM, struck a parked Consolidated P4Y-2 Privateer, ZP-CAD with its wing.The Heron took off from Darwin at 11:33 for a 1hour and 20 minutes-flight to Baucau. At 12:10 there was radio contact with a company DH-104 Dove (CR-TAG) flying from Baucau to Darwin. This was the last contact with the flight before it crashed into the sea, NW of Bathurst Island.The starboard undercarriage collapsed after touchdown.A Cuban DC-3 disappeared over the Gulf of Mexico during a ferry flight from Havana to Miami. The airplane, reportedly used for flights by Fidel Castro, the Prime Minister of Cuba, was being flown to Miami for propeller adjustment works.While landing on runway 29 at Moncton, the DC-3 collided with a snow plough off the left side of the runway. The first officer and the driver of the snow plough sustained minor injuries.The DC-3 took off from Saint Jean Airport, QC (YJN) for a calibration flight. Shortly after takeoff the no. 1 engine failed, followed by the remaining no. 2 engine a few seconds later. A forced landing was carried out in the outskirts of Saint Jean, damaging the plane beyond repair.A Douglas DC-3, registered N541S, was damaged beyond repair in a runway excursion accident upon landing at Bluefield-Mercer County Airport, WV (BLF).During a cargo, while en route at 12000 feet, flight smoke was seen coming from the cargo, forcing the flight crew to carry out an emergency landing. Immediately after landing at Bereina an uncontrollable fire developed. The fire was probably caused by incorrectly packed chemicals.Damaged beyond repair following a runway excursion accident on landing at Puerto Calderón.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair.The left undercarriage leg of the DC-3 collapsed during the takeoff run from St. Pierre. The plane rolled left and became airborne half way down the runway, at a speed just above stalling speed. The left wingtip struck the runway boundary marker and the takeoff was abandoned. The aircraft rolled through a ditch, causing the right undercarriage leg and right propeller to be torn off.A Douglas DC-3C passenger plane, operated by LAN Chile, was destroyed when it impacted a mountainside near Linares, Chile. An Ilyushin 18, OK-OAD, was destroyed when it crashed near Nürnberg, Germany. All 52 on board were killed.The DC-6 was being used for a crew training flight in the Shannon area. The plane returned to the airport for a touch and go landing. After touchdown, power was applied but the gear was retracted prematurely. The DC-6 swung off the left side of the runway where the port wing dug into soft ground. A fire erupted.Crashed during a night-time approach.Flight 104 departed Port Hardy for a flight to Comox. No. 2 engine problems forced the crew to turn back to Port Hardy. The engine was shut down and the propeller feathered. The C-46 landed on runway 10 and overran into an area of swamp and tree stumps.Damaged beyond repair.The SC-47D operated on an intelligence flight from Vientiane, Laos, to Saigon, Vietnam. En route it was shot down by Pathet Lao AAA or small-arms fire.The SC-47D operated on an intelligence flight from Vientiane, Laos, to Saigon, Vietnam. En route it was shot down by Pathet Lao AAA or small-arms fire.Engine trouble was experienced on a flight from Mumbai (Bombay) to Bangkok. A wheels-up landing had to be carried out at Nagpur.A Tupolev 104B sustained substantial damage in an forced landing accident in a pond near Sverdlovsk-Koltsovo Airport (SVX), Russia. There were 41 passengers and ten crew members on board. Three passengers, two crew members and two persons on the ground were killed.Left the runway on landing and ran into barbed wire fence.The DC-3 had taken off from São Paulo and had to divert to Ponta Grossa because of bad weather at the intended destination. The aircraft crashed into a hill while approaching runway 07.Crashed during a night time training flight.Crashed.The Neptune was practicing night searchlight runs over Lake George in central Florida when it flew into the water.The Neptune was practicing night searchlight runs over Lake George in central Florida when it flew into the water.The Super Constellation, named "Santa Clara", carried out an instrument approach to São Paulo's runway 16 with flaps and gear extended when it lost altitude due to a downward gust. The plane crashed and caught fire short of the runway.Crashed under unknown circumstances. Both pilots died in the accident.The Twin Pioneer was on a supply dropping mission when it flew into rising terrain.Forward fuselage destroyed in a hangar fire at São Paulo-Congonhas Airport, Brazil. The rear fuselage was used to repair PP-ANU (c/n 1545).The Convair departed New York on a flight to Washington, carrying Paul B. Fay Jr. to be sworn in as undersecretary of the Navy. Fog and rain prevented a landing at Andrews AFB. While heading for an alternate airport the plane's electrical system failed. The crew decided to divert to Bader Field (AIY). It touched down on runway 04 but the propellers did not reverse due to the electrical system failure. The aircraft could not be stopped on the runway. It overran into a deep-water ship channel.The PanAm DC-7 operated on a freight flight from Frankfurt to Stuttgart; weather forecasted for Stuttgart was poor: 100 m surface and vertical visibility in fog. NOTAMs were current, reporting inoperative 1, 3, 4, and 5 crossbars of the approach lights and an unreliable ILS glide slope because of airport construction works. An ILS approach attempted (by the first officer as pilot-flying) to see in minima for the aircraft (ceiling 200 m, 1/2 mile visibility) existed. When minima were reached, the approach was discontinued. The plane then suddenly hit a 10-foot high mound of earth located 66 feet short of the runway threshold and 149 feet north of the north edge of the runway. Impact tore off the undercarriage and the no. 3 engine. Control was maintained and the flight crew managed to climb away and divert to Nürnberg airport for an emergency belly landing on a foamed runway.The Convair CV-240, used frequently by Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson, departed Austin for a flight to Johnson's ranch. Around 19:30 the pilots requested the weather at the LBJ Ranch. The ceiling at the airstrip was 300 feet and the crew decided to return to Austin, but never arrived there. It was later found to have crashed in rugged hill country near the LBJ Ranch.One hijacker demanded to be taken to East Berlin. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. Number one engine failure; crashed. Number one engine failure; crashed. The An-2 operated on a positioning flight from Palyavaam to Pevek (Chaun district of Chukotka). En route the crew did not follow the Palyavaam River but deviated to the left by 12 km. They encountered bad visibility (snow flurry) and flew into the side of Karpun Mountain (906 metres). Both pilots were severely injured.Crashed into the Guadalquivir River.Crashed into the Guadalquivir River.The DC-4 made a wheels-up landing at Osaka, causing the plane to be damaged beyond repair.Flew into the mountain while descending off course for Apiay.Flew into the mountain while descending off course for Apiay.Crashed.The Avro York plane crash landed at Lahore after developing an undercarriage fault.Destroyed by fire.Severely damaged on a training flight when the left flap did not extend on landing.The C-47 transport plane departed Rendani Airport (MKW) on a flight to Sorong (SOQ). En route the crew encountered thunderstorms and it appeared that the weather at Sorong had also deteriorated. A cloud base of 500 feet was reported. A few other aircraft had landed ahead of X-3. The Ilyushin crashed into the sea, one mile offshore from Santiago.Crashed.Flying Tiger Line Flight 7815/13, operating as Military Air Transport Service (MATS) Charter flight 739/14, originated at Travis AFB with refueling stops at Honolulu, Wake Island, Guam, Clark AFB and was to terminate at Saigon. The flight arrived at Guam at 11:14 GMT with the only irregularities on the way being minor maintenance on the ignition systems of engines no. 1 and 3 at Honolulu, a 30 min delay at Honolulu because of stewardess complaints of inadequate rest facilities aboard, and minor maintenance at Wake Island (discrepancies in the no. 1 and 3 engine ignition systems). The flight departed Guam at 12:57 GMT for an IFR flight to Clark AFB, Philippine Islands with an ETA of 19:16 GMT.Bad weather at the destination Cairo forced the crew to divert to Wadi Halfa, Sudan. A crash-landing 3 miles West of Wadi Halfa was made following fuel exhaustion.Flying Tiger Line flight 7816/14 operated on a Military Air Transport Service (MATS) cargo flight from Travis AFB to Okinawa-Kadena AFB with refueling stops at Cold Bay, Adak and Misawa (Japan).Wheels-up landing at Toyanaka, Japan due to fuel contamination.Crashed in poor weather. The Hercules was returning to Evreux Air Base following a mission with five other Hercules planes.The THY F-27 took off from Ankara at 14:20GMT for a flight to Adana. En route the pilot reported passing Aksaray and estimated to arrive at Adana at 15:40GMT. At 15:28 the pilot reported at FL175 and requested a clearance to approach. At 15:40 the flight was cleared to 5000 feet and was asked to report crossing 8000f and 7000 feet. Nothing more was heard from the flight. It appeared the plane had crashed at 6800 feet amsl, some 47nm from the Adana radio range.The DC-6 crashed into the Monte Velino while returning to Rome from Khartoum.The DC-3 passenger plane operated flight SA-512 from Cape Town to Collondale, South Africa with several intermediate stops.Crashed on landing and caught fire. The airplane reportedly had been caught by crosswind.The heavily-laden DC-7 was making a night takeoff from Douala runway 12 in conditions of high ambient temperature and humidity. After a long takeoff from the 9350 feet long runway, it gained little height. Some 2300yds from the runway end, 500yds left of the extended centreline, the left wing struck trees 72 feet above aerodrome elevation. The DC-7, named "Star of Robbie Burns", crashed into a tidal swamp and exploded on impact.The aircraft hit a paratrooper of the 6 Pomorska Airborne Division in mid-air. The paratrooper was killed instantly. The captain of the Il-14 was wounded. The co-pilot made a belly-landing.Landed without nose wheel; damaged beyond repair, withdrawn from use and stored until being broken up in 1969.Crashed.The American Airlines Boeing 707, named "Flagship District of Columbia", was cleared for takeoff at 10:05 on a scheduled domestic non-stop IFR flight to Los Angeles, California. The aircraft carried out what appeared to be a normal takeoff, and lift-off was at 10:07 hours about 5000 ft down runway 31L. At 10:07:37 the aircraft started a gentle turn to the left approximately 8000 ft down the runway, at an altitude of 100 ft, and was established on a heading of 290° at 10:07:42. Straightening out from the turn, the aircraft continued to climb for several seconds on a heading of 290° and started a second turn to the left as instructed by Departure Control. These manoeuvres were in accordance with the noise abatement procedures then in effect for taking-off from runway 31L. Having started the second turn, the angle of bank increased until the aircraft rolled through 90° of bank at a peak altitude of about 1600 ft msl . It then entered an inverted, nose-low attitude and plunged earthward in a nearly vertical dive. It struck the earth in the shallow waters of Pumpkin Patch Channel of Jamaica Bay during low tide. Impact was at an angle of approximately 78° nose down on a magnetic heading of 300°. Fire broke out a few minutes later.Damaged beyond repair.The C-47 took off from Manizales (elevation 3380 feet) at 14:04 for a cargo flight to Bogotá (elevation 8355 feet). At 14:20 the crew reported at 12500 feet over San Felix. An emergency was declared at 14:35; the plane crashed immediately after this transmission.The C-119 was struck by British mortar fire over the Sennelager Range. Nine paratroopers were able to jump to safety before the plane crashed.Crashed into a wooded hillside during an instrument approach in heavy rain.Damaged beyond repair on landing.The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) acquired seven Neptunes in 1954 and configured them with cameras and electronics intelligence gear. Five of those were stationed in Taiwan and operated by the Republic of China Air Force.Damaged beyond repair at Aurora-Lowry AFB, Colorado.The DC-3 transport plane impacted the Cerro Pérez mountainside en route between Balmaceda and Puerto AisenCrashed.Crashed into Mount Kaolokung, China.The DC-3 swerved off the runway on takeoff and crashed into the rear of DC-3 JA5078. JA5078 was substantially damaged.The Hiper DC-3 took off from Amritsar at 11:15 for a flight to Srinagar. Last radio contact with the flight was at 11:23 when the crew reported 25 miles from Amritsar. Nothing more was heard from the flight.The DC-7C was on a Military Air Transport Service (MATS) charter flight from McChord AFB to Elmendorf AFB, departing McChord at 07:52 PST. Last radio contact with the flight was at 10:06 when the crew requested a clearance to climb to a cruising altitude of 18000 feet instead of 14000 feet.Damaged beyond repair during a storm.Caught fire on the ground.The Super Constellation was approaching Manhattan runway 21 (VFR) with flaps at 100% and an airspeed of 120 knots. At a height of 170 feet agl the right wing dropped and the aircraft yawed right. Power was added to all four engines, but the plane didn't recover and struck the ground 546 feet short of the runway. The Constellation struck a 3,5 feet high ridge of earth, shearing off the nose- and right main gear legs.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair.Stalled on approach and crashed.Damaged beyond repair.Avianca Flight 671, a Lockheed Super Constellation, took off from New York-Idlewild for a flight to Bogotá via Montego Bay and Barranquilla. En route to Montego Bay, the no. 3 engine malfunctioned and was stopped. The flight diverted to Miami, arriving there at 16:57. A replacement propeller governor was fitted, but during pre-flight checks a further defect in the no. 2 engine was found. This was rectified and the flight departed Miami at 00:12, the co-pilot being the pilot flying. Upon arrival near Montego Bay, clearance was given for a standard instrument approach. The airfield was sighted following the procedure turn at 2000 feet and the approach was continued visually. Following a heavy touchdown, the plane bounced and landed back on the runway and skidded down the runway in flames, coming to rest inverted, 1900 feet from the runway threshold and 200 feet to the left.Disappeared in the sea of Largo di Brindisi. Search was abandoned on January 22, 1960.SAS Flight SK871 to Ankara (ESB) was uneventful until the approach. The flight was taken over by Ankara Control at reporting point Göynük, at 18:26 UTC. The aircraft arrived over Ankara range station at 18:41 at FL135 descending to FL120 in accordance with the clearance given. It changed over to the tower frequency and received further let-down and approach instructions. The crew acknowledged receipt of the instructions and the flight reported Ankara range station inbound at 18:45 at an altitude of 6500 feet descending.Not providedEn route from Washington to Norfolk at an altitude of 8000 feet in icing conditions, two engines failed. While descending to a lower altitude, the remaining two engines also failed and the propellers autofeathered. The crew tried to restart the engines and put the aircraft into a dive trying to drive the propellers out of the feathered position as they were not able to unfeather them normally. Eventually they managed to restart engine no. 4. Applying full power to this engine caused the Viscount to enter a circling descent until it crashed into trees with almost no forward velocity.Crashed in icing conditions.Flew into mountainside in fog.The Twin Pioneer crash-landed following a training flight.The Viscount landed at London Airport in fog. After touchdown the nose gear failed. The plane skidded some 500yds down the runway before coming to rest. A fire erupted in the nose section of the plane and almost destroyed the entire fuselage.Crashed while attempting a landing at Byrd Station in 'whiteout'-conditions.The Viscount was taxiing along the runway after landing when a hydraulic system pressure loss occurred. Wheel brakes and nosewheel steering were inoperative and the plane left the runway, rolling down an area of downslope. Because of the hydraulic system pressure loss an attempt by the pilot to raise the gear, failed. The aircraft came to rest against the control tower. Investigation revealed a fractured pipe line and faulty operation of a non-return valve intended to conserve pressure if there were a pressure loss in the main hydraulic system.The Otter was flying from Wheelus Air Base to Benghazi with two en-route stops, returning surveyors to field locations. The Otter disappeared over the Gulf of Sirte and was never found.The DC-6 was one of two aircraft substituted for a Boeing 707 which had incurred mechanical difficulty. En route to Miami the aircraft disintegrated in flight. Portions of the wreckage fell near Kura Beach and the major wreckage fell about 13 miles West of Kure Beach. It appeared that a dynamite explosion had occurred which was detonated by means of dry cell batteries. The explosion occurred near the right of seat row 7.Nosed over; damaged beyond repair.Undercarriage collapsed. Damaged beyond repair. The hulk was sold to Airmotive Suppliers Corp. In January 1961 and broken up at Philadelphia in 1961.Crashed.The Viking was buffeted by a gust and swerved on takeoff. The port wing struck a small building containing blind-landing equipment.The aircraft went missing on a flight from Surabaya. The wreckage was never found.Crashed during emergency landing.Overshot the runway on landing after landing late.Flight 1502, a Boeing 707 named "Flagship Oklahoma", departed New York International Airport for a pilot training flight. Last radio contact was at 11:57, 57 minutes after takeoff. In clear weather, some 23 minutes later the plane was seen in a left-wing low steep dive. The Boeing crashed in the ocean just off Montauk Point. At that moment the flight crew were probably carrying out either an engine shut down and airstart, a canyon approach (requiring 30deg of flaps, which was the probable flap setting when the plane struck the sea), or en route 2 engine climb manoeuvres.Crashed.The Super Constellation touched down too far and fast down the wet runway. The flight crew ground looped the plane which came to rest in a ditch next to the runway. The Constellation was named "Domingos Dios Prado".Crashed at sea.The DC-3 took off from Jakarta at 02:09 Z for a flight to Bandung, Yokjakarta and Surabaya. The plane climbed to a cruising altitude of 3500 feet to fly below the clouds. At 02:43 the flight crew requested permission to climb to FL95. The plane was then instructed to contact Husein tower, but the latter didn't acknowledge. Te DC-3 didn't arrive at it's destination and the wreckage was found on January 28 on the western slope of Mount Burangrang at an altitude of 5400 feet.Crashed during training flight. The aircraft clipped wires and masts and crashed in a snow covered field.Ran off runway; damaged beyond repair.Ran off runway; damaged beyond repair.While returning from aborted barrier mission, the aircraft hit a seawall debris at end of short runway. The main mount was sheared off and it cartwheeled, slid into a Crash Crew Truck, exploded and burned. All 3 inside the truck also suffered fatal injuries.The No.8 cylinder of the left engine separated because of fatigue failures, while the aircraft was en route to Mobile at an altitude of 2500 feet. Oil released from the engine was ignited and fire flowing rearward entered the wheel well. It burned through oil and fuel lines in this area greatly increasing the intensity of the fire. The wing separated as a consequence and the plane crashed.The takeoff run from runway 07R was aborted, but the DC-8 crashed and burned.Crashed.Not providedThe DC-3 crashed in the woods in the village of Koivulahti, some 10,5 km from the Vaasa runway.Hit trees on final approach and crashed onto the airfield. Incorrect altimeter settings caused the crew to descend too low.Hit trees on final approach and crashed onto the airfield. Incorrect altimeter settings caused the crew to descend too low.The CSA Ilyushin tried to takeoff from Praha-Ruzyne but didn't gain enough height. The plane struck high tension wires and crashed near Hostivice.About 10 minutes into the flight to Cumana, the F-27 crashed into the San Juan mountain.A USAF Convair transport plane flew into the side of Babcock Peak at an elevation of 14.000 feet in a snowstorm. The wreckage was discovered May 18, 1962.An Ilyushin 18V passenger plane was damaged in a belly landing accident in Cyprus. The airplane was en route from Bucharest-Otopeni Airport, Rumania to Tel Aviv, Israel via Nicosia, Cyprus. En route at 7000 m over the Mediterranean Sea while 70 km from the Cyprus' shore, engine no. 3 lost power, followed by engines no. 1 and 2. Then, at 3100 m, 45 km offshore, engine no. 4 also lost power. The Heron aircraft crashed into a forest on the Mount Ohira.Crashed.The JMSDF P2V-7 crashed in sea near Hachinohe, Aomori Prefecture. It belonged to JMSDF Kanoya AB, Kagoshima Prefecture.The SC-47 operated on a propaganda leaflet dropping flight over South Vietnam. It crashed in the mountains.The C-47A transport plane operated on a flight from McGuire AFB, NJ to it's home base at Eglin AFB, FL. En route stops were made at Philadelphia, PA and Greensboro, NC. A brief stop was made at Greensboro. One engine remained running, one was shut down. A passenger embarked and the engine was started again for departure.Shot down by Communist forces while on a drop mission.Crashed while on a low-level herbicide spraying mission along Route 51 between Bien Hoa and Vung Tau.The Canadair North Star airplane suffered a loss of oil pressure on the number 4 engine. The pilot decided to return to Hall Beach Airport. Shortly afterwards the crew radioed a mayday because engines number 2 and 3 were also losing oil pressure. The airplane made a wheels-up landing north of runway 36. A Douglas C-54 passenger plane, operated by Avianca, was damaged beyond repair in a landing accident at Cúcuta Airport (CUC), Colombia. There were no fatalities.Damaged beyond repair in forced landing.Damaged beyond repair.An Antonov 10 transport plane, operated by Aeroflot's Ulyanovsk Flight School of Civil Aviation was destroyed in an accident shortly after takeoff from Ulyanovsk/Baratayevka Airport, Ukraine. Just one of the 14 occupants survived.A Douglas C-47A operated by the U.S National Guard crashed in Wolf Creek Canyon in a heavy snow storm. The no. 4 engine exploded during startup. The fuel-air started had been replaced.At 14:35 Curtiss C-46 CP-541 was boarded. The takeoff had to be postponed due to some problems and associated repair of the propeller governor of no. 2 engine. A preflight engine test was carried out, which was satisfactory. After rolling 190 m during takeoff the plane veered left and then gradually to the right where it rang along the edge. The right wing tip was well outside the boundary of the 26,5 m wide runway. The right main gear went off the runway and into a drainage. At the 496 m point of the takeoff run the right wingtip struck an adobe wall and was detached from the wing. The takeoff run was continued and at the 580 m point the plane became airborne. The no. 2 engine propeller then cut a tree (6in in diameter) located at the 707 m point. The Curtiss continued to be airborne with a right bank increasing to between 65 and 70 degrees. The right wing then struck some trees 15 m in height resulting in the aircraft crashing nose down into the ground.Undershot runway; caught fire.Crashed.Crashed into an orange grove.Damaged beyond repair.The DC-4 sustained substantial damage when it's wing tip was struck by a Varig DC-6B, PP-YSI (msn 44166), that was taxiing for takeoff.The Convair had to return when the no. 2 engine caught fire. The captain feathered the prop and made a left turn. When on finals for runway 16, the Convair nosed up (45°), stalled and struck a house on the Avenida Piassang.The Air Afrique flight took off from Douala runway 12 at 13:16 GMT on an IFR flight plan to Lagos, cruising altitude 16500 feet. Last radio contact was with Kano at 13:25 when the crew estimated leaving the FIR around 13:38. Two minutes later the aircraft struck Mount Cameroon in a straight climb at 6500 feet (800 m below the peak).Flew into high ground.Crashed and burnt.Crashed and burnt.The airplane dived into the ground while in the traffic circuit.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The Viscount, on a flight from Copenhagen to Reykjavik via Oslo and Bergen, crashed just 6 km West of the Oslo runway 06.The Beverley transport plane flew into terrain during a night time approach to RAF El Adem in cloudy weather.Two hijackers demanded to be taken to the USA. Duration of the hijacking: less than 1 day. The C-47A transport plane departed Las Palmas-Gando Air Base at 02:27 hours on a flight to Albacete, Spain. The aircraft disappeared over sea some 44 min after take off.Crashed.The DC-3 swerved on takeoff. It crashed into a mill after striking some people nearby. A young girl died and three people on the ground were seriously injured.The DC-6 departed Las Palmas on a three-engine ferry flight to Copenhagen, Denmark via Barcelona, Spain. The airplane took off after refueling at Barcelona at 22:24 GMT. The DC-3 was on a supply dropping mission from Jorhat to Taksing when it crashed during a turn in the narrow valley of the River Yume Chu.Bad weather along the route forced the crew to return to Huanuco. This message, at 09:55, was the last one received from the flight. Eyewitnesses reported the aircraft 'falling and revolving in its descent' to the ground. The DC-3 struck the ground near the base of a hill.Crashed during routine reconnaissance mission looking for Russian submarines.Forced landing; damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.The C-47 took off from Pittsburgh-Greater Pittsburgh Airport, PA (PIT) on a night time proficiency training flight. Reportedly one of the engines failed during the flight. The airplane clipped trees, crashed and burst into flames.The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) acquired seven Neptunes in 1954 and configured them with cameras and electronics intelligence gear. Five of those were stationed in Taiwan and operated by the Republic of China Air Force.Written off.Written off.The left wing hit a house while the aircraft was attempting to snare a red flag on top of a flagpole.During the takeoff run, shortly after V1, the nose gear collapsed. The DC-7 slid along the runway. The no. 2 and 3 engines were torn off, damaging the fuel tanks, causing a fire.Crashed 3/4 mile from Travis while making practice instrument approach to runway 21L during local training. It was initiating a low visibility circling approach when it went into a steep turn and crashed.En route between Malta and Rome, when cruising at 20,000 ft. with all engine indications normal, the fire warning bell and light for No. 1 engine operated. The appropriate fire drill was carried out and attempts were made to feather the propeller, using both normal and emergency drills. The propeller continued to turn however, and a fierce fire in the engine could be seen through the top cowling. It was then decided to divert to Palermo which was some 70 miles to the South. Preparations were made in case ditching became necessary but, the fire extinguisher was operated, and speed reduced. Subsequently, at about 6,000 ft., the fire appeared to die out and the propeller feathered itself. The aircraft landed safely at Palermo. It was later established that the engine fire had followed failure of the rear bearing of the second stage compressor, and also that the propeller had not feathered when the appropriate action was taken because the feathering controls had suffered damage.Struck snow bank; damaged beyond repair.Crashed on takeoff.Damaged beyond repair in a hangar fire.An Ilyushin 18 passenger plane was destroyed when it crashed near Urakhcha, Rybnaya Sloboda district, Tatarstan in Russia, killing all eight crew members and 59 passengers.Destroyed on the ground by an Argentinean Air Force air attack to Punta Indio Naval Base during the conflict between the "Azules" and "Colorados".The Antonov was damaged beyond repair when it ran off the snow-covered runway at Magadan because the captain had failed to correctly align the aircraft for takeoff.The DC-3 crashed into Monte Vale Rotonote, 53 miles (85 km) southeast of Rome.The DC-3 crashed into Monte Vale Rotonote, 53 miles (85 km) southeast of Rome.After a normal approach, the aircraft failed to respond when the pilot attempted to 'flare out' for the landing and it hit the ground in a nose down attitude, first on the nosewheels and then on the mainwheels. It bounced back into the air but did not remain airborne although considerable power was applied. The aircraft hit the ground again nose wheels first, bounced several more times, and the nose gear collapsed.Crashed.Varsity G-APAZ was being used to conduct a check flight for the pilot, who wanted to be approved as a Varsity test pilot. A single engine runway 22 approach and overshoot were carried out. At 3 or 4 miles from the airport, at a height of 600-700 feet, the aircraft banked to the right and the pilot reported a total engine failure. G-APAZ lost height and crashed into a house on Tuffley Avenue.The Comet, on a flight from Geneva to Nice, struck the Punta Bifida peak of the Catena delle Guide at 2700 m during let down to FL100.At the conclusion of a flight from Hannover Airport (HAJ), the aircraft diverted from Berlin-Tempelhof after two unsuccessful attempts to land there had been made. Both approaches were discontinued because the pilot was not able to complete the landing byThe Avro York plane carried out a freight flight from Beirut to Tehran via Kuwait. On the Kuwait-Tehran leg of the flight several test manoeuvres were carried out by a check pilot who was examining the pilot in command and co-pilot for renewal of their licenses.The Antonov 6 took part in the 8th Soviet Antarctic expedition (SAE) in 1962/63. It was severely damaged during the night of 12/13 March 1963 while being parked near the Richardson Lakes when a massive storm hit the area. The aircraft received additional damage in a second storm on 16 March 1963.Tipped up on landing.The Antonov 6 took part in the 8th Soviet Antarctic expedition (SAE) in 1962/63. It was severely damaged during the night of 12/13 March 1963 while being parked near the Richardson Lakes when a massive storm hit the area. The aircraft received additional damage in a second storm on 16 March 1963.The IL-18 struck powerlines and crashed about 200-300 m short of the runway. Visibility was poor (2 km) due to a dust storm. The fuselage broke and a fire erupted.Damaged beyond repair in a ground accident.Overshot on landing and went into ditch.Flight 984 departed Cotobato at 09:40 for a 45-minute flight to Davao.The KC-135 was on a refueling mission out of Eielson AFB (EIL). The airplane lost an engine on takeoff, veered to the left and crashed. Debris also struck a guard house and a nearby waiting room, killing two.A Ilyushin 18V transport plane, CCCP-75732, was damaged beyond repair in an accident in the Shelikhov Gulf. All ten on board were killed.The no. 1 engine failed, 7 minutes after departure from McChord AFB. Attempts to feather the propeller failed. During the diversion to Thunfield the prop intermittently oversped.Destroyed by fire during fueling.The Twin Pioneer contacted trees, hit a cliff and fell into a river.Northwest Flight 705 was a scheduled flight from Miami, FL (MIA) to Portland, OR (PDX) with intermediate stops at Chicago, IL (ORD), Spokane, WA (GEG) and Seattle, WA (SEA).The An-10A operated on a night time check flight out of Syktyvkar Airport. While on final approach to the airport engines no. 1, 2 and 3 flamed out due to due to air intake icing. The propellers could not be feathered and were on auto-rotation. The associated drag caused a loss of speed. Recovery was not possible and the airplane stalled and impacted a forest.Following a non-scheduled freight flight from Paris-Le Bourget Airport, France in the early hours of the morning, the aircraft made a PAR-monitored ILS approach to runway 09 at London-Gatwick Airport. Weather conditions at the time were reported as 8/8 cloud at 200 ft. and RVR 1,100 yds. The approach was discontinued when the aircraft reached critical height (200 ft.), because the pilot was still unable to see the ground. After carrying out an overshoot, the captain decided to hold at Mayfield NDB to await an improvement at Gatwick. After two circuits of the holding pattern had been completed the captain received an 'Actual' from Gatwick giving 8/8 cloud at 300 ft. and RVR 1,100 yds. A second PAR-monitored ILS approach to runway 09 was then made. At 3/4 mile from touchdown PAR advised that the aircraft was 200 ft., left of the centre line and 100 ft. above the glidepath. At about this time, however, the captain sighted the threshold lights and began an 'S' turn to the right to line up with the runway. Shortly afterwards the air craft touched down just outside the left hand edge of the runway, at a point about 800 yds. past the threshold. The ground was covered with snow including two patches about two feet in depth, and in passing through these the nosewheel collapsed. The aircraft came to rest on its nose about 400 yds. from the touchdown point and 20 yds. outside the left hand edge of the runway.A Convair C-131E transport plane sustained substantial damage in a forced landing near Ogden-Hill AFB, UT (HIF). The airplane suffered engine problems shortly after takeoff. One propeller was feather and the pilot decided to carry out a forced landing with the airplane ending up in a gully.The Super Constellation struck runway approach lights 1170 feet short of the threshold during a runway 28R ILS approach. The plane climbed momentarily and crashed on the left edge of runway 28L, 1900 feet beyond the threshold.Middle East flight 265, Vickers Viscount OD-ADE, was descending for Ankara and had been cleared for a runway 03 approach. Last radio contact was when the flight reported being over the Ankara NDB at 8000 feet, descending for 6500 feet. The crew would contact Ankara again over the NDB when inbound. Turkish Air Force C-47 CBK28 had just completed an instrument training flight and was returning to Etimesgut Airport flying under VFR.Middle East Airlines flight 265 was descending for Ankara and had been cleared for a runway 03 approach. Last radio contact was when the flight reported being over the Ankara NDB at 8000 feet, descending for 6500 feet. The crew would contact Ankara again over the NDB when inbound. Turkish Air Force C-47 CBK28 had just completed an instrument training flight and was returning to Etesmigut Airport flying under VFR.Lost at sea.The Viscount aircraft made a straight-in approach to runway 18 but continued in flight at low altitude over the runway. Near the south end of the runway, at a height of about 90 feet, the plane was observed to pitch down sharply in a wings-level attitude and strike the ground.The wind direction shifted from east to south while the crew were preparing to land at runway 08. The captain decided to initiate a landing on runway 26. The sink rate during the approach became unsatisfactory and a go around was attempted. The aircraft was in a right turn at 150 feet when the plane settled and crashed in the Chuckchi Sea, 300yds from the runway. Both pilots survived the impact, but one of them drowned in the 27deg F water. On arrival overhead Blackpool, on the final sector of a scheduled passenger flight from Düsseldorf, via Amsterdam and Newcastle, all the aerodrome lights were visible from the aircraft at a height of 1,500 ft. At this time, however, the pilot was advised by the Blackpool air traffic controller that there was a layer of fog over the airport, and that visibility at the threshold of runway 10 was estimated as 100 yds. or less. After making three circuits of the aerodrome, the captain decided - from his own in-flight observation of the aerodrome lights - that the visibility was adequate for an approach and landing on runway 10. During the final approach some of the runway lights became obscured and, on crossing the runway threshold, the aircraft entered a shallow layer of fog. As the aircraft was flared for landing, the captain switched on the landing lights. The reflection of these lights in the fog dazzled both pilots, causing them to lose visual reference. Shortly after touch-down the aircraft veered off the left hand side of the runway and, after running over rough ground, the port wing struck a small brick building. The aircraft slewed to the left and came to rest 100 yds. further on, with the outer section of the port wing broken off.The C-54 transport plane ditched five minutes before it scheduled to land at Las Palmas. The floating aircraft and eleven survivors were located the next morning. Three occupants remained missing.Veered to the right off the runway in heavy rainfall and ground looped.The Twin Pioneer departed Southend on a ferry flight to Dakar. Intermediate night time stops were planned at Marrakech, Agadir, Fuerteventura and Las Palmas. Over Agadir the captain decided to continue to Fuerteventura in the Canary Island and revised his ETA there. The crew however were not able to contact Fuerteventura by HF or VHF radio. Nor were they able to pick up the Fuerteventura NDB or any other beacon. Uncertain about their position, the captain decided to return to the mainland. Short on fuel, the pilot eventually decided to ditch the plane near fishing vessel.Crashed into Great Salt Lake when conducting a simulated emergency descent during a training flight.Crashed into houses in the Jabaquara neighbourhood after an engine failed on climb out.The aircraft was engaged on a non-scheduled flight, carrying freight from London to Adelaide, via Aden and Colombo. During the landing run at Colombo-Katunayake Airport, Sri Lanka, a violent nosewheel shimmy developed, and the nose gear collapsed. The aircraft came to rest on the nose of the fuselage which was substantially damaged, as were the inboard engines and propellers.Flew into the side of Mont Lapalme.Destroyed in hangar fire.The aircraft impacted a hillside while attempting a landing at NAS Kodiak, AK.The port auxiliary jet engine caught fire shortly after takeoff from NAS Alameda. The crew attempted to return but the aircraft became uncontrollable and ditched into San  Francisco Bay.Crashed.Swerved on landing and nosed over. The main gears and both engines separated from the wing.The Douglas C-54A transport plane operated on a flight from Ushuaia (USH), Argentina to Buenos Aires/Ezeiza (EZE). There was ice on the wings as the flight departed from Río Gallegos following an en route stop. A forced landing was carried out on a frozen field, shedding the propeller of one of the engines. Debris struck the other engine and the fuselage.The Fokker F-27 was approaching Dhaka when a line squall passed over the airport. After crossing the runway threshold, the plane encountered severe gusts and limited visibility. The aircraft stalled and landed very heavily, causing both wings to break off.Several planes were involved in Exercise Hawk Star I. A landing strip was set up on a rolling, downhill pasture five miles north of Ridgeway, SC. During a night takeoff, the Caribou lost power on one engine. It swerved into a grove of trees, then settled in flames against a fence. Several soldiers were repairing the fence at the time and were hit by the plane.The aircraft ditched some 20 minutes after takeoff, after reporting no. 1 engine problems. Both engines stalled and a ditch was carried out 900 m offshore. The plane sank within 5 minutes.Crashed into the Red Sea.Flight 3277 was approaching Toronto when the no. 1 and no. 2 engines failed. The asymmetrical power condition caused the Viscount to swing to the left, losing altitude. The aircraft struck the ground just within the airport boundaries.Flight 3277 was approaching Toronto when the no. 1 and no. 2 engines failed. The asymmetrical power condition caused the Viscount to swing to the left, losing altitude. The aircraft struck the ground just within the airport boundaries.Crashed.The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) acquired seven Neptunes in 1954 and configured them with cameras and electronics intelligence gear. Five of those were stationed in Taiwan and operated by the Republic of China Air Force.The undercarriage jammed, so a belly landing was carried out.Crashed shortly after takeoff due to engine failure.Overshot runway on second attempt to land in heavy rainfall.The aircraft operated on a positioning flight from Cheremshan to Kazan-2 after crop-spraying operations. The intoxicated crewAn emergency landing was simulated with the no. 2 engine at reduced power. The DC-3 touched down short of the runway and attempted to overshoot. The no. 1 engine didn't respond properly and the aircraft crash landed outside the airfield.Crashed.Learjet 23 prototype. Emergency belly landed in wheatfield when the Learjet did not climb after simulating a left engine failure on takeoff. Spoilers were inadvertently extended on takeoff.Ground fire.A Boeing 707-331, registered N761TW, sustained substantial damage in a runway excursion accident on takeoff at Paris-Orly Airport (ORY), France. All 103 on board survived.Crashed.The Twin Pioneer ran into a soft patch of the airstrip, causing the undercarriage leg to collapse.Crashed during a training flight. The aircraft took off from São Paulo-Congonhas Airport, SP (CGH) at 14:06 hours.Destroyed in hangar fire.Destroyed in hangar fire.Crashed on the slope of volcano Antisana, altitude of 14,000 feet. The aircraft was transporting equipment to the interior of Ecuador near the Putumayo River. The aircraft burned out.The aircraft crashed at sea during a patrol flight out of Rota, Spain.The An-2 operated on a crop-spraying flight from a very small airstrip at Svetilnoye, Borispol district of the Kiev region.The C-135 aircraft was on a MATS flight from Fairfield-Travis AFB, CA (SUU) to Clark Air Base in the Philippines via Honolulu-Hickam AFB, HI (HIK). Thunderstorms were in the area as the flight approached Clark AB. An indefinite ceiling was at 300 feet and visibility was 2000 m. The crew carried out a PAR approach to runway 02. The aircraft descended below the glidepath and the crew were urged to initiate go around as the C-135 had descended below the PAR lower safety limit. By then the co-pilot had the runway in sight and the approach was continued. On finals, the undercarriage struck the perimeter fence. The airplane struck a TACAN facility , hit the ground and slid across a road, striking a cab and killing the driver. The airplane broke up and caught fire.A Douglas C-124C Globemaster II military transport plane was destroyed when it crashed near Cooperton, Kiowa, OK. All six crew members were killed.Crashed into a sand dune in poor visibility.Crashed in a rice paddy shortly after takeoff.Crashed.A Pacific Air Lines Fairchild F-27, N2770R, arrived at Reno, NV, at 19:40 as Flight 756 from San Francisco International Airport. The next day the airplane departed at 05:54 as Flight 773 to Stockton. Arrival at Stockton Airport, CA (SCK) was at 06:28. Two passengers deplaned and ten passengers boarded. Pacific Flight 773 was cleared by the Oakland Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC) to the San Francisco Airport, to climb in VFR conditions to 6,000 feet, and maintain 6,000 feet. The clearance was acknowledged correctly by the crew and departure was at 06:38. During its climb, the flight reported leaving 2,000 feet and was instructed by Stockton tower to contact Oakland ARTCC. contacting Oakland Center, the flight was instructed to maintain 5,000 feet.The Catalina operated on a trip from Air Station Værløse via Keflavik, Reykjavik, Mestersvig, Station North, Thule, Sonderstrom and back to Værløse. The flyinbg boat departed Værløse, Denmark on 20 April 1964. On 3 May 1964, en route from Thule to Sonderstrom, the airplane suffered an no. 1 engine failure. Due to the Catalina’s single engine performance, the captain decided to make a precautionary landing when they discovered open water about 10 km south west from Upernavik. The crew was later rescued by a USAF SA-16 and brought to Sonderstrom. Two days later the Catalina was damaged beyond repair by the ice which had crushed the it.Crashed after striking the edge of the runway.While flying at 5250 m, the no. 1 propeller oversped to 3700rpm and was feathered. A wheels up emergency landing was carried out on the Laguna Brava salt lake at an altitude of 4192 meters above sea level. The C-46 was carrying Arabian race horses to Buenos Aires.Flew into mountain. The two pilots (Hagay Gilboa, Shlomo Tzlil) and five other military staffs killed.Struck Pic de Jouels during a low-level navigation flight.The aircraft struck the surface of the Prince-William Sound 1.5 km off shore 3 minutes after takeoff at night during heavy snowfall. The C-123 was in a shallow descent with both engines operable.Takeoff accident following a gust of wind.Takeoff accident following a gust of wind.Part of the taxiway collapsed, causing the airplane to strike the taxiway surface. This resulted in serious damage to the fuselage, propellers and engines.Crashed on takeoff from the Larandia ranch. The airplane carried a load of 21 calves and was bound for the El Recreo estate in Yari, Narino.The C-119 touched the water with its wing, causing the plane to hit the surface. The aircraft bounced and broke up.Flight ME 444 departed Beirut (BEY) at 17:09 UTC and climbed to its cruising altitude of FL300. At 19:04 the aircraft reported to Bahrain Control that it was estimating Dhahran (DHA) at 19:28, and was cleared to descend to reach FL50 over the Dhahran beacon. At 19:06 weather information was reported to flight 444, which read a NNE/10 knots wind, gusting to 16, and 0,5nm visibility (in a sandstorm). At 19:26 the pilot reported estimating the Dhahran NDB in two minutes. At 19:28 it contacted Dhahran and reported "5 000 feet descending" and was cleared for an ADF approach. The controller requested the crew to report at 4000 feet and outbound at 2000 feet. One minute later it reported leaving 4000 feet and at 19:30 passing 2500 feet and turning inbound. It was then cleared to final approach and requested to report reaching minimum and runway in sight. At approximately 19:32 a short loud transmission noise was recorded by the Tower. No further message was received from the flight. It was subsequently found that the aircraft struck the sea at the completion of the procedure turn 4 NM off shore and 10 NM south of Dhahran Airport.Reportedly damaged beyond repair at or near Hargeisa. Some sources suggest 15 occupants were killed, but this is not confirmed.Crashed into the Mekong River due to fuel starvation. The pilot, the sole occupant, was seriously injured.Lost control while landing in heavy winds. Windshield stoved in on heavy touchdown, cabin flooded. Aircraft beached, no record of repair.Undershot the runway on landing and struck a fence. The Dakota caught fire.Undershot the runway on landing and struck a fence. The Dakota caught fire.The Boeing 707 touched down on the far end of runway 04R and ran off the end of the runway, ending up in Thurston Basin.Loss of directional control on takeoff. The DC-4 ran into trees.Stalled and undershot the runway at Calcutta-Dum Dum Airport (CCU).Alitalia Flight 045 departed Rome (FCO) at 21:10 GMT and climbed to a cruising altitude of FL70. At 21:32 the crew were cleared to descend to 5000 feet and further down to 4000 feet on its way to Naples (NAP). Last radio contact with the flight was at 21:37 when leaving the LD NDB for a direct visual approach. A wide turn on downwind leg caused the aircraft to enter a area of heavy showers. At 21:39 the aircraft flew into Monte Somma, at an altitude of 610 m (2000 feet) on a 90-degrees heading with a 20-deg left bank.The DC-4 took off from Honolulu at 22:47 PST for a flight to Los Angeles, ETA 10:27 PST. At 05:54 PST the pilot reported a bad fire in the no. 2 engine and stated that a ditching might become necessary. Nothing more was heard from the flight. Extensive search efforts were discontinued after 5 days; nothing had been found.Damaged beyond repair in a severe thunderstorm, while on the ground at Vientiane (VTE), Laos along with Scottish Aviation Twin Pioneer 2 XW-PBJ.Damaged beyond repair in a severe thunderstorm, while on the ground at Vientiane (VTE), Laos along with Scottish Aviation Twin Pioneer 2 XW-PBP.Damaged beyond repair in a severe thunderstorm, while on the ground at Vientiane (VTE), Laos along with Scottish Aviation Twin Pioneer 2 XW-PBP.The flight from Kuala Lumpur was uneventful until the airplane approached Singapore. Visibility was good as the co-pilot started the approach to runway 02. The flare was initiated a little late and the airplane touched down firmly. The Comet bounced and floated a few feet over the runway. During the bounce the starboard wheel bogie and part of the landing gear leg dropped off. The crew tried to hold the wing off the ground after the aircraft settled back onto the runway. Finally the wing contacted the runway. The engines were shut down and left wheel brakes applied before the aircraft came to rest.After a 2,5 test flight, the co-pilot moved into the left hand seat to carry out 2 familiarisation circuits and landings under the supervision of the pilot-in-command. On the first approach, the aircraft was a little below the approach path. The plane bounced to about 20 feet. After a heavy nosewheel-first touchdown, the aircraft bounced again to about 50 feet. The One-Eleven then struck the runway very heavily, again in a nose-down attitude. The landing gear collapsed and the right main gear broke off during the slide.Crashed near La Esperanza mountain on approach in bad weather, killing four of the five military crew members and injuring the civil passengers.Damaged beyond repair.Heavy landing.Crashed on takeoff.Caught fire just after takeoff and crashed into Hooghly River.The Paradise Airlines Lockheed Constellation operated Flight 901A from Oakland (OAK) to Tahoe-Valley Airport (TVL) via Salinas (SNS) and San Jose (SJC).British Eagle Flight 802/6 departed London at 12:04 GMT with destination Innsbruck, Austria. At 13:35 the flight contacted Munich ATC and reported over the Kempten NDB nine minutes later, changing its IFR flight plan to VFR from Kempten to Innsbruck. Two minutes later the crew contacted Innsbruck and reported descending VMC directly to Seefeld. Over the Innsbruck VOR at FL110, the airplane was still unable to break the clouds. The last message from the flight was at 14:12 when it reported at FL100. The descent was continued until the airplane collided with the steep eastern flank of the Glungezer Mountain at an altitude of 2600 m (8500 ft). An avalanche occurred, carrying most of the aircraft debris downhill for about 400 m.The DC-3 struck the crest of a 2615 feet high upslope (a few feet below airfield elevation) during an VOR approach to Miles City runway 30. Adverse weather conditions existed in the form of near-minima ceiling and visibility, icing, and high gusty winds.Flight 12 departed New York at 06:14 EST and Windsor Locks at 07:35 while on a cargo flight to Boston. The aircraft was on a runway 04R ILS approach when the nose suddenly pitched downward about 60 degrees, causing the aircraft to crash out of control, 7000 feet short of the runway threshold.The DC-3 took off from Pereira at 17:24 for a flight to Bogotá, via reporting points El Paso, Girardot and La Esperanza. The aircraft arrived overhear La Esperanza at 18:18 and was instructed to hold there at FL130. The flight was cleared to leave the intersection at 18:33 to the Bogotá VOR. The crew estimated to arrive over the Bogotá VOR at 18:44 and were then instructed to descend to FL120 for an ADF approach to Bogotá Airport, reporting at the Bogotá VOR at FL120 and over the outer marker at 9800 feet. The plane arrived abeam the Bogotá VOR ahead of schedule, at 18:41, and was instructed to maintain FL120 until 18:44. At 18:42 the flight crew reported seeing another aircraft in their vicinity. They thought it to be a DC-4, but was actually a Curtiss C-46 which had been cleared for final approach. The DC-3 crew took evasive action, losing control of the aircraft. The DC-3 crashed near Facatavivá.Douglas DC-3 N410D, registered to Hansen Air Activities, was chartered to fly 28 members of the Snow Valley Ski Lines from Pellston, MI to Chicago, IL.The Viscount approached Beirut runway 21 in heavy rainfall. Downdraft just prior to touchdown, caused the plane to touch down very heavily, causing it to become airborne again. The aircraft hit the ground again with the right main gear, causing the right main spar to fail and the wing, together with the no. 3 and 4 propellers, to hit the ground. The Viscount came to rest just off the runway on soft ground.The Viscount approached Beirut runway 21 in heavy rainfall. Downdraft just prior to touchdown, caused the plane to touch down very heavily, causing it to become airborne again. The aircraft hit the ground again with the right main gear, causing the right main spar to fail and the wing, together with the no. 3 and 4 propellers, to hit the ground. The Viscount came to rest just off the runway on soft ground.Eastern Air Lines (EAL) Flight 304 originated in Mexico City and had intermediate stops scheduled at New Orleans, Atlanta, and Washington prior to the destination of New York City. The DC-8 arrived at Mexico City at 22:12 on February 24, 1964. The captain of the inbound crew reported that "...the only exception to normality was that the PTC (pitch trim compensator) was inoperative, with a fix scheduled for the next morning at Kennedy Airport." An IFR flight plan for New Orleans was filed with a reduced airspeed, in accordance with company procedures for dispatch under these conditions. The airplane landed at New Orleans at 00:51. Takeoff from New Orleans was commenced at 01:59. The airplane appeared to climb normally and the crew contacted the departure controller who instructed them to contact New Orleans Center. At 02:03:15 the crew replied, "OK", this was the last transmission from the flight. During the climb the elevator moved to 2 degrees AND (airplane nose down), which is an abnormal flight condition. Climbing in clouds through 4,000 feet, the DC-8 encountered moderate and probably severe wind shear turbulence. In order to control the airplane under these conditions, the input of the controls probably introduced pilot induced oscillations (PIO) from which the pilot could not recover. Control was lost and the airplane struck the surface of Lake Pontchartrain at a dive angle in excess of 20-degrees. A possible factor was the attitude indicator, which was small with a solid black background and difficult to interpretThe flight took off from Malabang at 15:40 with the pilot-in-command in the right-hand seat and the copilot in the left-hand seat. The pilot flew VFR for about 10 minutes towards Lake Lanao (elevation 2300 feet). Weather turned from bad to worse, but the pilot continued VFR, switching to IFR a little later. Shortly after requesting the Iligan weather, the DC-3 struck a clump of trees on a ridge at 2700 feet amsl (823 m). The plane lost control, crashed and burned.Crashed into rice field after engine trouble.Crashed. The wreckage was found in May 1964.Burned out in hangar fire.Shot down by a North Vietnamese T-28 plane. One survivor.Emergency landing in jungle after 20-30 minutes in flight. Nine crew and 25 passengers rescued after eight days.Emergency landing in jungle after 20-30 minutes in flight. Nine crew and 25 passengers rescued after eight days.Crashed.Crashed, no further details.Crashed in wooded terrain and burned.Crashed. The aircraft departed São Paulo-Congonhas Airport at 06:20 on a cargo flight to Videira.Crashed shortly after takeoff.The DC-3 left Istanbul at 17:10 GMT for a cargo flight to Ankara. The aircraft started to descend from FL90 to FL80 at 18:26. The plane was cleared for a runway 03 ILS approach but nothing more was heard. The aircraft had crashed 12 km from the airport.Crashed on Rio Guamá during training flight.The USAF Sabreliner departed the West German air base Wiesbaden at 14:01. At crossed the East German border near Diedorf at 14:50, at an altitude of 8000 metres. Two Soviet MiG-19 fighters scrambled to intercept the plane, which had now flown 90 km into East Germany. The aircraft was shot down and crashed into Bonifacius Hill near Vogelsberg.The USAF Sabreliner departed the West German air base Wiesbaden at 14:01. At crossed the East German border near Diedorf at 14:50, at an altitude of 8000 metres. Two Soviet MiG-19 fighters scrambled to intercept the plane, which had now flown 90 km into East Germany. The aircraft was shot down and crashed into Bonifacius Hill near Vogelsberg.The An-2 operated on a flight from Baiganin to Aktyubinsk with an en route stop at Kenkiyak. Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Crashed on takeoff.After an uncontrollable engine fire a second engine was feathered and the Shackleton began losing height. It crash-landed on Culloden Moor.The flight took off from Rosario at 09:01 for a flight to Buenos Aires, the last leg of a flight from Santa Fe to Buenos Aires. Flight plan altitude was 1200 m. Turbulence, however, forced the crew to climb to 1800 m and later to 2400 m. At 09:43 the pilot reported a localized fire in the cabin and reported that they intended to make an emergency landing at Zarate. The plane didn't make it to Zarate and was seen trying to make an emergency landing in a field, 9 km from Zarate. The plane struck the ground with the undercarriage, left wing and engine and started to disintegrate. A fire erupted, but didn't spread over the entire aircraft.The aircraft was on a non-scheduled flight from Moosonee to Nemiscan Settlement. The pilot stated that he used the rear fuel tanks for takeoff and cruise and that they contained about 150 gallons of fuel, with about 10-15 gallons in each of the front tanks. The power settings used for the flight were about 28 inches manifold pressure and 2050 rpm with automatic lean mixture. About 50 minutes after takeoff the left engine fuel pressure dropped to zero, and the engine failed. The booster pumps were switched on and the tank selections were changed without effect. At this time the right engine fuel pressure dropped to zero, and the engine failed. Attempts to re-start were unsuccessful and when the aircraft was 200 ft above the ground the pilot realized he could not reach the Rupert River. A forced landing was made into trees about 1000 ft from the river with the undercarriage down. Both pilots were severely injured.Crashed.An Antonov 2 biplane crashed during a night time training flight near Batagay Airport, Russia. Both pilots were killed.Missing at over the Pacific Ocean while on a flight from Wake Island to Hawaii.The airplane crashed into a house, injuring two persons on the ground and all 16 aboard the DC-2.Crashed.The Navy transport plane struck an embankment and crashed while on a radar guided approach to Oakland Airport, California.Crashed into 10500 feet high Mount Tablazo, 30 km NW of Bogota. The mountain was obscured by fog at the time of the accident.One of the engines failed. The aircraft overran the runway after a downwind landing. The undercarriage separated as the aircraft ran over a ditch.Damaged beyond repair in landing accident.Lost. Date also reported as 18 DEC 1943.Three Douglas C-47s took off from Seven Mile Aerodrome near Port Moresby at 09:20 on a flight to Wau Airfield. C-47 41-38658 was carrying ammunition and equipment. En route from Astrakhan to Chkalov (now Orenburg) when it encountered below-minima weather conditions with low clouds and snowfall. The crew decided to divert to Sol-Iletsk, but on approach to that airfield the aircraft collided with a snow-covered hill between Saratovka and Boyevaya Gora. All occupants survived the accident and tried to reach Sol-Iletsk, but 9 of them froze to death within some hours.A Fokker F.VIII passenger plane was destroyed in an accident near Sevenoaks, Kent, United Kingdom. One crew member was killed. Aircraft ditched in the English Channel 7½ miles (12 km) off Boulogne. Pilot injured. Aircraft badly damaged but salvaged and rebuilt as F.63 Goliath, re-entering service in 1929 only to be lost in 1930.Was destroyed by fire following a landing accident and was written off.The flying boat named "Ponce de León" broke away from mooring in Havana harbour during a storm early 1923 and crashed onto rocks.A Farman F.60 Goliath passenger plane, operated by Cie des Grands Express Aériens, was destroyed when it crashed following a mid-air collision over Thieuloy-Saint-Antoine, France. The pilot, mechanic and three passengers were killed. Two crew members on the other plane were also killed.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The aircraft took off in fog and was flying low when it struck trees and crashed. The aircraft caught fire, killing 4 of the 8 passengers and crew.The Handley Page O/400 transport plane participated in a competition between Kristiania (now Oslo), Norway and Stockholm, Sweden regarding a possible airmail contract. The Felixstowe Fury was test flown off Felixstowe, U.K, on the eve of a flight to Cape Town, South Africa.The Caproni Ca.48 took off from the company's home airfield Milano-Taliedo Airport, Italy, at 07:30 local time for a flight to Venice, where it arrived without incident at 09:22. The aircraft took off at 17:00 for the return flight to Taliedo. Eyewitnesses reported that as the airliner passed near the airfield at Verona at an altitude of 3,000 feet (910 m), its wings seemed first to flutter and then to collapse entirely. Several of the people on board jumped from the aircraft to their deaths before it crashed. There were no survivors.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair in a forced landing when the rudder came out of its bearing.Destroyed in a hangar fire.Destroyed in a hangar fire.Ditched. The airplane was repaired and flew again in 1923.The prototype of the giant nine-wing flying boat made it's first flight on 4 March 1921 over Lake Maggiore in Italy. The aircraft attained an altitude of only 18 m (60 ft), then dove and crashed, breaking up on impact. The pilot escaped uninjured. Caproni had the wrecked airplane towed to shore, and announced that he would rebuild it, but that night it burned to ashes.Wrecked in gale.The flying boat named "Santa Maria" broke away from mooring in Havana harbour during a storm and crashed onto rocks.Crashed.Crashed.A Farman F.60 Goliath passenger plane was damaged beyond repair in a forced landing near East Malling, Kent, United Kingdom. One passenger was killed.Damaged, the registration was cancelled in April 1925.The aircraft was forced to land with engine trouble. A good landing was made but before the aircraft could stop it hit a sunken road and broke its back. The pilot and mechanic were thrown out the machine but only received minor injuries.Forced landed on a beach near Étaples and was destroyed.Crashed following an in-flight failure (loss) of a wing. It crashed and was consumed in the fire that followed.One of the Goliath's two engines lost power following the failure of a piston rod shortly after takeoff from Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport, the Netherlands.The Aeromarine 75 flying boat named "Columbus" was en route between Key West and Havana when it force landed at sea following engine trouble. Crash-landed onto a country lane.The Farman Goliath named "Ile de France" crashed near Wadhurst.Crashed.The aircraft was mid way over the Channel when the starboard engine failed. The aircraft slowly lost speed and height the pilot managed a tail up landing on the sea. The passengers and crew climbed out of the emergency exit in the roof of the aircraft. At the time of landing there was not a boat in sight. Gradually the aircraft began to sink at the nose the rising water forced the occupants towards the tail. Then two fishing smacks were seen rushing to the rescue having cut their gear adrift to do so. The 1st to arrive was the Invicta who took off 10 of occupants the second smack came alongside and took off the other two. The mail and some other cargo was also salvaged. The only casualty was a Pommeranian dog belonging to one of the women passengers. They were immediately taken to Folkestone.Crashed in adverse weather conditions. When passing over some farm buildings, the airplane collided with the roof of a barn and crashed into some hayricks.Crashed in adverse weather conditions. When passing over some farm buildings, the airplane collided with the roof of a barn and crashed into some hayricks."Dog-Able" crashed on landing during a training flight, killing RO Reg Martin, RO Fred Mitchell and Eng Officer Loweman.Sank in 90 feet of water in failed takeoff in rough seas.Landing accident.Disappeared at sea.Crashed on takeoff.Failed to gain height following engine failure after takeoff. A gear-up landing was carried out. Suspected carburettor problems.Damaged beyond repair on landing.Damaged beyond repair on landing.Crashed at Montesquieu, Algeria.Landing accident.Disappeared while flying a cargo consisting of 110-pound tin bars over the Himalaya Mountains to Dinjan.Damaged beyond repair at Dobodura Airfield, Papua New Guinea.Mid-air fire near Kunming. Crashed; crew bailed out.Ground collision; fatal accident.Forced landing.The Douglas C-47 transport plane took off on a mission to drop supplies to support Australian operations in the Mubo area. While dropping supplies over Skindewai, its wing clipped a tree causing the aircraft to crash.Water-looped on landing.Not providedCNAC's Dakota "53" departed Kunming for a supply run over the Himalayas together with three other Dakotas. It was snowing and there was a solid overcast at 10,500 feet which had violent turbulence and severe icing. Because of those dangerous conditions, the pilots stayed underneath the clouds and flew the passes. As they went through the lowest pass, a sudden down-draft forced the pilots to apply full power and for maximum climb. For #53, it was too late. The plane's propellers started cutting the tops of the trees and the plane crashed just short of the border with Burma.Hit iceberg off Narsarsuaq, Greenland during taxiing.  Crashed into a mountain slope on the northeast shore of Lake Becharof, AK.Crashed.Crashed after on board fire.Not providedWater-looped on landing and sank.Water-looped on landing and sank.The Lisunov PS-84 was en route to Olyokminsk when it entered an area of heavy snowfall when flying at a height of some 150 metres. Both engines lost power consecutively and the aircraft lost height. It crashed in a forest near Berdigestyakh.Lost enroute to San Diego from Oahu, HI.Taxiing accident.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed during ASW patrol flight.Crashed.Groundlooped. Damaged beyond repair.Stalled on takeoff, crashed and burned.Flew into a snow storm and hit the snow covered ground. Some occupants of Luftwaffe 4./KGzbV 108 were badly injured.The C-46 burst into flames when the plane made an emergency landing at Buffalo.Crashed; fatal accident.Fatal accident.Ground collision; at least one fatality.Crashed while attempting to land when the left wingtip of the aircraft contacted the water of the River Tagus during a descending turn.Crashed.Forced LandingHit large submerged object on landing in San Francisco Bay and sank. Dived vertically into the ground from 800ft. Aircraft was being test flown after maintenance. Pilot and co-pilot were the occupants.Forced landed in the Yangtze River near Chungking, China.Crashed.Engine caught fire on takeoff Canton Island and sank.Crashed.Abandoned by crew about 16 km E of Hollywood, FL. The airplane continued across the Gulf of Mexico, crashing into a mountain in Mexico.Taxiing accident.Water-looped on landing and sank.The C-87 rolled and dived into the water while turning on finals to Canton Island. The flight was being operated by United Airlines under contract to the Army Air Transport Command.Dakota MA929 of 31 Sqn RAF, at Palam India, took off from Dinjan en route to Fort Hertz, Burma, at 13:30 hours on 31 January 1943. The aircraft failed to arrive at its destination, and has not been located. It was last seen by a Hudson pilot at 1400 hours, flying at 7000 feet near Kamku and heading for Fort Hertz.The Douglas C-53 Skytrooper departed Van Nuys on a flight to Victorville. The aircraft was towing a Waco CG-4A glider (42-46327) with two crew on board.After a regular flight the aircraft was on a base turn for landing trying to fly below the fog at 100 ft, but the left wing tip hit the water and the airplane crashed. The wreckage was found the next morning about 500 meters from the airport.Missing. Crashed.The Catalina was flying over the Greenland Ice Cap at an altitude of 4500 ft. This altitude should have given a clearance of 1000 ft over terrain according to charts of the area. Weather and snow covered terrain resulted in poor depth perception. Without realizing they were close to the ice, as a horizon was visible and were not on instruments, they suddenly made contact on the upslope of a 400 ft hill. The pilot immediately applied throttles in an attempt climb away but he was unsuccessful. Further attempts to swing plane around in order to takeoff downhill were unsuccessful as the plane sank into snow and ice. Crashed en route Borinquen Field, P.R.Missing.Hit by Consolidated B-24 Liberator at Port Moresby-Wards Airfield, Papua New Guinea.The No.246 Sqn, RAF Short Sunderland flying boat took off from Bowmore at 07:24 on an operational patrol, carrying out a parallel track search over sea. The Sunderland was supposed to have returned at 18:10, just before last light. They arrived in the area about 50 minutes late over Bowmore with insufficient fuel to divert to Lough Erne.The aircraft operated on a cargo flight from Khvoinaya to Moscow-Vnukovo. On approach to Moscow at dusk, the crew were not able to find Vnukovo airfield. They diverted to Khimki but were not allowed to land there. Circling the north-western outskirts of Moscow in search of an airfield, the aircraft lost height and collided with a barn 300 metres from Posyolok im. Kirova and crashed on the premises of the sovkhoz (state farm) "16th Party Congress" between Myakinino and Strogino.Damaged on the ground after being struck by C-47 41-18591 that crashed on takeoff.The aircraft was damaged in a takeoff accident. It struck a parked C-47 (41-18440).Trip No. 9 departed from Santiago, Chile at 05:30 with Lima, Peru as its destination. The flight arrived at Arequipa, Peru at 13:59 for an intermediate stop. It left Arequipa at 14:09. At 14:25, the captain reported to Arequipa that the flight was "leaving control zone altitude 12,200, climbing on instruments, course 290." The C-47A was on a local flight out of Camp Mackall. It was manoeuvering at an altitude of 6000 feet when it stalled in an inverted attitude. Witnesses say the plane was doing a loop at the time.Fatal accident.Crashed at Karachi.Crashed at Karachi.Lost in Pacific theatre.Landing accident.The Short Sunderland I flying boat went missing over the Atlantic Ocean to the West of Ireland.Missing between Tontouta and Espiritu Santo, Pacific Ocean.Shot down by allied ships.Crash landing.The DC-2 named "Vara de Rey" crashed into the sea while on approach.A Douglas C-47A went missing on a flight from Townsville-Garbutt Airfield, Australia to Gurney Airfield (No. 1 Strip, Fall River). Papua New Guinea. En route weather included periods of rainfall and an area with cumulonimbus peaks to 18-20,000 feet.Hit the slope of Fremont Peak, near Flagstaff, AZ.Forced landing following engine problems.Crashed into a mountain at an elevation of about 2,500 feet. Weather was poor . The aircraft, flying in a northerly direction, had descended into mountainous terrain at a 10-degree angle, clipped trees, struck the ground, broke up and burned.A group of of ten C-47s took off from from Port Moresby transporting personnel to Wau Airfield.A group of of ten C-47s took off from from Port Moresby transporting personnel to Wau Airfield.Crashed on takeoff.Crashed on landing at night.Missing.Missing.Destroyed during a bombing raid.The C-47 burned after a direct bomb during an air strike by German aircraft.A Douglas C-54 Skymaster was destroyed in an accident near Paramaribo, Suriname. All 35 on board were killed.Crashed on runway after takeoff; reduced for spares.Crash caused by engine failure.Fatal accident.Lost. Date also reported as 31 JAN 1944.Crashed on non-combat mission.Damaged beyond repair.The plane, destined to search for survivors of the sunken vessel SS Port Buckingham, crashed on takeoff. All ten occupants died in the crash.  The aircraft came to rest in 50 feet of water.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed into a glacier near Lhasa in heavy icing and strong winds.The military DC-2 took off from Sioux City Army Air Base at 00:28 on an instrument navigation flight to Saint Joseph-Rosecrans AAF, MO (STJ). Engine no. 2 had probably caught fire shortly after takeoff. The airplane crashed and burned.The Sunderland had been on a patrol mission for 13 hours and drifted off course over Ireland, while heading for Lough Erne. It flew into a very steep slope 200 feet below the top of a 2219 feet summit.Crew bailed out; plane crashed. At least one fatality.Damaged beyond repair.Missing during a routine cargo flight. The C-46 was later found to have crashed on a mountain side at an elevation of 12.000 feet.Missing in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations.Crashed into Lake Bagnall near Sedalia, MOReportedly crashed.Crashed.The C-46 aircraft departed Chanyi, China at 09:40Z for Misamari, India. Winds were reported out of the SW at 80 - 100 mph at altitudes greater than 18,000 ft. and severe icing below 21,000 ft. No radio contact was received after it departed Chanyi. It was later found to have crashed at 3679 feet elevation on a jungle hill.Crashed at Khargpur, India.Ditched south off Marinella, Sicily, Italy.Damaged beyond repair.Lost in Formosa (Taiwan).Stalled on landing in fog.Crashed into mountain in poor weather, killing the crew.Crashed on takeoff, killing at least one of the crew.Engine caught fire, force landed off Australia, plane drifted onto beach.USAAF Douglas C-47s 41-38667 (msn 6050) and 41-18598 (msn 4723) were involved in a ground collision at Port Moresby-Wards Airfield. 41-38667 was repaired and crashed a few days later at Wau, while the fate of 41-18598 is unknown. It was officially condemned on December 1, 1943 after an accident.The RAF Dakota took-off on a night sortie and lost an engine soon after becoming airborne. The crew shut down fuel supply to the burning engine as the pilot turned back towards Tezpur Airport. A belly landing was made in drizzle and low cloud conditions. The aircraft hit a clump of bamboo which swung the aircraft around.Lost between Tontouta & Espiritu Santo.Douglas DC-3 NC16090 ("Mainliner Medford") was flying under contract to the USAAF. It crashed while attempting to land and caught fire.Crashed during gunnery practice.Short S.30 Empire Flying Boat G-AFCK, named 'Golden Horn' departed from Lisbon on December 30, 1942. The flying boat returned to Lisbon due to a failure in the no. 4 engine. The pilot executed a go around at Cooktown Airport, QLD (CTN), Australia. The DC-2 then stalled 10 feet above runway, causing the starboard wing to contact the runway first, resulting in a groundloop.Reported "condemned" by USAAF on 7 January 1943 as the result of an accident. The actual date of the accident could be before that date.Before dawn the Canso flying boat was loaded with fuel, ammunition and depth charges to within a few pounds of its maximum allowable take-off weight. The aircraft departed from Gander. Crossing Gander Lake the crew experienced the severe turbulence The aircraft crashed on takeoff. At least one occupant died in the accident.Touch and go and taxi with hatch open and sank.Crashed in poor weather with downdraughts. On board was Air Marshal McClaughry, accompanied by his staff.Missing on patrol from Quonset Point NAS, RI (NCO).Short Sunderland N9209 of 230 Sqn RAF was detailed to carry out a ten hour anti-submarine patrol in protection of a convoy between Alexandria and Port Said. The aircraft left Alexandria at 16:00 hours on 1 January 1943. Messages were received from the aircraft until 17:30 hours and at 20:45 hours it was reported in the vicinity of Port Said. Force landed due to engine fire and sank.Forced landing following engine failure. At the time the city of Plocicz was called Plötzig.Crashed to avoid hitting small boat, South Pacific. Crashed near Mano, TX following engine problems.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.Crashed in the Himalaya Mountains. One crew member bailed out and survived.Crashed on takeoff with depth charges and exploded.The C-47A departed Maxton AAB on an instrument training flight to Richmond AAB. On arrival, the Air Base had been closed for traffic. The pilot decided to divert to the Richmond Central Airport.The C-47A departed Maxton AAB on an instrument training flight to Richmond AAB. On arrival, the Air Base had been closed for traffic. The pilot decided to divert to the Richmond Central Airport.Crashed on takeoff.Reported "condemned" by USAAF on 21 January 1944 as the result of an accident. The actual date of the accident could be before that date.Reported "condemned" by USAAF on 20 January 1944 as the result of an accident. The actual date of the accident could be before that date.Crash-landing.The Lodestar crashed on takeoff from Mendoza, Argentina. The airplane carried medical supplies, and medical personnel after an earthquake had hit the San Juan area in Argentina.Crashed at Beane Field, St. Lucia.Crashed and burned on takeoff. At least one of the crew was killed.Damaged beyond repair at a forward airstrip in China.Crashed during water landing.Shot down in Fort Hertz Valley, Myanmar.The C-47A operated on a supply drop mission from Dinjan, India to a location in Myanmar at 26,19°N, 97,41°E. It crashed and caught fire. Location described by Army Signal Corps as 'NY6851'.Lost during a training landing accident at Rose Bay, Sydney.Shot down by fighters, crashed Ft Hertz, Burma.The C-47 took off from runway 27 at the Oakland Municipal Airport. Shortly after takeoff the no. 1 engine failed due to a fuel vapour lock condition. The pilot feathered the prop and attempted to return to the airport. During a right hand turn the airplane continued to loose altitude. It stalled at low altitude and crashed into a house at 2010 38th Street.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.Crashed 15 miles from Azores on delivery.Missing on patrol from NAS Adak, AK.Damaged beyond repair in landing accident.Belly landed following loss of engine power.Damaged beyond repair in crash-landing.The Junkers Ju-52/3m named "Harry Rother" crashed near Belgrade.Ground looped. Damaged beyond repair.Crashed at Owi Island, Papua New Guinea.Water looped and sank.Takeoff accident.In landing accident in rough seas, sank by gunfire, South Pacific. Ditched. At least one fatality.The C-47 operated on a supply flight for the Sikorski partisan unit in the area of Svoryn, Brest Region of Belarus. The airstrip was short and soaked. Attempting to take off the pilot tried to lift off at low speed. The left wing hit the ground and the crashed. As the accident happened behind the German lines the damaged aircraft had to be abandoned.Missing.Crashed, no further details.Structural failure; crashed.The crew bailed out and the aircraft crashed.The C-47 impacted a ridge of Monte Tezio in Italy after dropping paratroopers near Lago Trasimeno, Italy.Crashed at Nowgong, Assam, India.Crashed into the sea 6 miles from Lae, Papua New Guinea.Crashed.Damaged in belly landing.Damaged beyond repair by AA fire on a flight from Guadalcanal to Espiritu Santo.Reported "condemned" by USAAF on 9 January 1944 as the result of an accident. The actual date of the accident could be before that date.Crashed at Alliance, NE.Crashed in night takeoff.The Catalina took off from RAF Killadeas at 09:15, engaged in a non-operational low-level bombing exercise. It was making its second run over the target when it crashed near Boa Island in Lough Erne. It appeared that the pilot who was turning on to the target failed to pull out of a diving turn and flew straight into the water, crashing half-a-mile from the target. The surface of the Lough was calm and there were streaks on the surface.An engine tore loose; the crew parachuted to safety.Crashed at Amchitka Airport, AK.Crashed at Tibual, Tiddim, Myanmar.Short Sunderland flying boat JM709 of 228 Sqn RAF took off from RAF Station, Pembroke Dock at 05:37 on 6 January 1944, to carry out an anti-submarine patrol in the Bay of Biscay. There was no messages received from the aircraft after takeoff, and it failed to return to base. It was assumed that the aircraft and crew were lost at sea.Damaged beyond repair. Date also reported as 1 JAN 1944.Crashed on takeoff from Treasury Island.Not providedReported "condemned" by USAAF on 3 January 1944 as the result of an accident. The actual date of the accident could be before that date.Crashed on takeoff.Two C-47 transport planes took off from Dunnellon AAF at 17:15 on a routine transition flight. En route both planes lost sight of each other in instrument conditions. Due to poor weather, Lawson Field would close at 19:30. One of the C-47's landed at Lawson at 19:17. The other did not land and made sporadic radio contact with Atlanta. Last radio contact was at 21:50. The next day, the plane was found to have flown into a small ridge.Damaged beyond repair.Reported "condemned" by USAAF on 2 January 1944 as the result of an accident. The actual date of the accident could be before that date.Crashed.The C-49 departed McClellan Field at 18:30 on a cargo flight to Mines Field. Instrument conditions existed en route and during descent. At 21:17 the airplane was cleared to land on runway 07L. Visibility was good apart from some ground fog on the eastern side of the runway. The pilot was surprise by the ground fog and carried out a go around. The airplane continued on runway heading for about a mile before it collided with high tension power lines.Engine problems forced the crew to bail out. The C-46 crashed. Date also reported as 11 JAN 1944.Crashed when a supply drop parachute caught on the tail.Crashed on takeoff from Comilla Airport, Bangladesh.Crashed.Missing during a night training exercise.Take off accident.Crashed.Crashed on takeoff.A forced landing was carried out after engine failure.Damaged beyond repair in belly landing.Ground looped. Damaged beyond repair.W/O by B-24, no further details.Lost at sea while being ferried to Australia. It was on delivery to the Royal Australian Air Force - RAAF and would receive the serial A65-72.Lost at sea while being ferried to Australia. It was on delivery to the Royal Australian Air Force - RAAF and would receive the serial A65-72.Damaged beyond repair in an accident in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations. Fatal accident.Damaged beyond repair in an accident in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations. Fatal accident.Damaged beyond repair at Imphal/Tulihal Airport, India when the airplane hit a motorcycle.Landing accident.Crashed, written off, no further details.Lost during a flight over the eastern end of the Himalayan Mountains, also known as "the hump".The flight transported a very valuable load of silk to Kunming when it flew past the destination in very bad weather.A Douglas C-47 was destroyed when it struck terrain and burned near Brownfield, IL. All four crew members were killed. The airplane had departed Malden AAB on a low-altitude navigation flight to Harrisburg, IL and Fulton, IL. The airplane struck a house during a presumed emergency landing.Taxiing accident.Crashed following midair collision with USAAF Stinson L-5 (42-99165) off end of the runway.Crashed.Crash-landing.The aircraft operated on a cargo flight from Stalinabad (now Dushanbe) to Kulob when the right wing caught fire some 20 minutes into the flight. The fuel tanks in the right wing exploded, causing the aircraft to enter a dive. The aircraft crashed into rocks in the Rangon mountains, south-east of Stalinabad.During a mission to Surabaya the Catalina experienced trouble with its port engine and immediately began to lose altitude. It was flying at 300 feet below heavy cloud off Sumba Island. The crew jettisoned the mines, but the plane continued to lose altitude. A forced landing was made on the open sea. The hull was damaged and began to leak. The crew was rescued by another Catalina. The crew then destroyed the disabled Catalina aircraft with machine-gun fire.Damaged beyond repair.Crashed and caught fire after food drop. The C-47 couldn't pull over a mountain and hit the top. The plane crashed about 1,5 miles NNW of the boundary post #37 on Burma-China border.The C-47A transport plane operated on a flight from Kuybyshev to Saratov-Razboishchina (now Saratov-Sokol) when it encounteredProbable ground collision with Boeing B-17F 42-30862Crashed on takeoff.The C-47 was condemed by the USAAF on 12 January 1945 as a result of an accident. The accident may have happened before that date.Shot down by Nakajima Ki-43s near Tabingaung, Myanmar.The Dakota was attacked by Japanese Nakajima Ki-43 fighters near Schwebo, Myanmar. A fire started in the fuselage and the left engine burst into flames. The pilot crash-landed in a clearing.Strafed by Japanese Nakajima Ki-43 Oscar aircraft on an airstrip within Myanmar.The aircraft crashed somewhere in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations.The aircraft crashed somewhere in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations.The aircraft crashed somewhere in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations.Engine problems. Damaged beyond repair.Crashed on landing at Paochan, China.Crashed due to engine failure.Accident on landing.Damaged beyond repair at Brussels/Evere Advanced Landing Ground B-56, Belgium when a B-17 exploded.The Junkers Ju-52/3m passenger plane, named "Joseph Langheld", was destroyed in an accident near Prnjavor.The Dakota IV took off for a night cross country exercise in snow and poor visibility. Shortly afterwards the carburettors iced up and control was lost. The aircraft dived into the ground between Barrow on Soar and Sileby and caught fire. The 3 crew were killed.Crashed. At least one fatality.Sank after landing accident in heavy seas, Philippines. Crashed following engine failure.After making the standard instrument let-down approach to the Burbank Airport the airplane was observed to cross the airport at the ragged base of the clouds and was seen to start a left turn as if circling for a landing. Soon after making the turn the captain radioed the control tower that he could not maintain visual contact with the ground and as proceeding to his alternate, Palmdale. The United States Weather Bureau observations disclosed that below minimum weather conditions exist at Burbank at the time. The pilot had not been properly advised of the latest weather reports. The plane was not heard from or seen again until after daylight at which time the wreckage was sighted in the nearby foothills approximately 2-3/4 miles northeast of the airport.The C-47A transport plane took off from Boroekoe Airfield on Biak on a flight bound for Peleliu Airfield. Crashed.The aircraft was damaged in a crash-landing.Crashed on takeoff.Not providedNot providedNot providedHit mountain in Myanmar. Fatal accident.Flight 161 departed Miami, Florida, at 06:08 for a flight to Leopoldville, Belgian Congo. The flying boat landed at San Juan Harbor, Puerto Rico, at approximately 14:23. After refueling Flight 161 took off from San Juan, at 16:05 on a contact flight clearance for Port of Spain, Trinidad. Crossing the north coast of Trinidad at an altitude of 4,000 feet, a gradual let-down was started. Wind was calm, and lights to mark the landing area on the surface of the water were laid out on a 70 degree course. The approach was flown by a captain acting as first officer in the left hand seat. During the first approach he came in too high so he was forced to circle the landing area. During the second try, the Martin descended too low and contacted the water at more than normal landing speed and in a nose-low attitude at a point 1,25 miles short of the intended landing area. As the plane came to an abrupt stop in the water, the hull broke in two at a point about three feet aft of the hull step and the rear part of the hull was forced up and forward. Water poured into the cabin and major portion of the flying boat sank immediately.Belly landing. Damaged beyond repair.Fuel exhaustion. Crashed.Crashed.Over Tali Lake, an engine failed. The plane then crashed into a mountainside cemetery above the city of Tali.Damaged beyond repair.The aircraft crashed somewhere in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations.The C-47A transport plane departed Shinbweyang, Myanmar on an air supply drop flight. The aircraft went missing while flying at high altitude in icing conditions.Missing in service during a routine transport flight.The C-46 transport plane departed Reno AAF at 06:50 on a local training flight. A fire started in the near the no. 1 engine. The left wing was on fire and separated outside the engine, striking the tail section. The airplane stared to disintegrate and crashed.The C-47 transport plane crashed while on a cargo flight from Calcutta-Dum Dum to Chabua.Crash-landed. At least one fatality.Not providedThe crew bailed out after suffering an engine failure due to icing in the China-Burma-India theatre of operations. The C-47A crashed.Missing.Crashed following engine failure.The aircraft was not able to land at Tengchung due to bad weather. The pilot headed for Dinjan in severe ice and turbulence conditions with 100 mph wind from southwest. The aircraft crashed.Crashed.Salvage battle damage, accident, no further details.Crashed during landing.Crashed. At least one fatality.Crashed.Not providedThe C-47 was condemed by the USAAF on 4 January 1945 as a result of an accident. The accident may have happened before that date.Crashed. At least one fatality.Damaged beyond repair in landing accident.Fatal accident on landing.The DC-3 was boarded by two mechanics and two other persons at Lima-Limatambo Airport (LIM), Peru. They took off without permission and crashed into the sea off Chorrillos.Crashed.Crashed.Crashed.The C-47 was condemed by the USAAF on 3 January 1945 as a result of an accident. The accident may have happened before that date.Crashed.Crashed. At least one fatality.The Dakota III was strafed at Brussels/Evere Advanced Landing Ground B-56, Belgium.Reported damaged beyond repair after Cat E enemy action.The aircraft was damaged in September 1944 over Arnhem and had been repaired at Brussels/Evere Advanced Landing Ground B-56 when RAF Dakota KG331 (c/n 12328) ran into it destroying both airplanes. Exact date unknown.Struck RAF Dakota KG355 (c/n 12364) at Brussels ALG-B-56 Evere destroying both airplanes. Exact date unknown.Destroyed in enemy action at Brussels/Evere Advanced Landing Ground B-56, Belgium.Impacted a mountainside while flying at low between mountain ranges in the Kamchatka Region, Chukotka National District.Ground accident.Broke up in flight.Crashed.On takeoff from RAF Kallang an engine lost power. The Dakota lost directional control and the undercarriage was raised in an attempt to stop the plane.The Dakota lost directional control following a burst tyre on landing. The undercarriage collapsed.Reported "struck off charge" by RAF on 14 March 1946 as being damaged beyond repair. The actual date of the accident could be before that date.The Dakota was abandoned following a forced landing after it became lost on a night time navigational exercise.The aircraft went missing on a flight between Biak and Peleliu.Destroyed in air raid at Brussels/Evere Advanced Landing Ground B-56, Belgium.Force landed at sea and sank.Broke moorings and capsized during sandstorm.The DC-3 crashed into the Derwent River estuary some 10 minutes after takeoff from Hobart. This was caused by an inadvertent engagement of the autopilot in mistake for fuel cross feed.The aircaft operated on a cargo flight from Moscow-Vnukovo to Minsk and Berlin. It crashed on the wooded slope of a hill on the right bank of the river Setun, 800 metres south-east of Bakovka in the Kuntsevo District of the Moscow Region. Damaged beyond repair in a fire at Newark, NJ (EWR).Damaged beyond repair in a hangar fire.A crosswind on landing at Kemayoran caused the Dakota to lose directional control. The brakes failed and the undercarriage was raised in an attempt to stop the plane.Collision with a barge.The CSA flight to Prague (PRG) took off from Paris, France at 12:30. An intermediate stop was made at Strasbourg. The Ju-52 attempted to land twice at Prague, runway 22 and crashed on the third attempt.Damaged beyond repair after heavy landing. The aircraft had to be beached on Brownsea Island. Fleet name of the flying boat was "Hailsham".Damaged beyond repair after heavy landing. The aircraft had to be beached on Brownsea Island. Fleet name of the flying boat was "Hailsham".Crashed at Jinan, China.At 05:59 the aircraft departed Tucson for a flight to San Diego. At 07:54 the weather report for San Diego read: indefinite ceiling 1,200 feet, broken clouds; visibility 8 miles. Receipt of this information was acknowledged by Flight 6-103 and immediately thereafter the flight reported that it had been over El Centro, California, at 07:53 at 8,000 feet. Somehow the airplane thereafter descended until it crashed into Thing Mountain at an altitude of approx. 4860 feet.Belly landed after engine failure.Crashed.Crashed.Damaged during storm.Crashed.The Dakota contacted trees on a hill in poor weather conditions and crash-landed.The crew simulated an engine failure. Erroneously the wrong propeller was feathered . The aircraft lost height and belly landed.Damaged beyond repair in a hangar fire.The aircraft overran the runway causing the landing gear to collapse.Crashed on landing in icing conditions,The take-off was aborted after lift-off. As a result the aircraft touched down outside of the airport, collided with the ruins of aDamaged beyond repair by a gale.Forced LandingBurned out on River Hooghly while refuelling.Crashed on takeoff.Ran off the runway on landing. Damaged beyond repair.Crashed.An almost new Short Sunderland GR.V operated by RAF's 302FTU,took of from Calshot, U.K. on a ferry flight to Karachi. Immediately after take off one of the engines failed and the pilot decided to return to Calshot. The first attempt at landing was aborted and the aircraft went round for another approach. However, in the dark and with apparently poor visibility, the pilot apparently misjudged his rate of descent and the aircraft impacted the sea about 100 yards from Lee-on-Solent pier and caught fire. All ten crew were killed in the crash.Flew into a high ground in clouds while on approach to Croydon.Damaged beyond repair at Victoria Point Airfield, Myanmar when it was hit by an RAF Douglas C-47 KN229 (c/n 27097/15652).Dakota KN229 was performing a low run over the Victoria Point Airfield (now Kawthung). The wing of the airplane hit another RAF Douglas C-47B, KN206, which was parked at the airfield. It dove into the ground and burst into flames.The aircraft carried out a forced landing on road due to an on board fire. The fire consumed the aircraft after the occupants had evacuated.The Dakota C.4 suffered a runaway of both props. A belly landing was performed in a paddy field after which the aircraft caught fire.DitchedThe aircraft hit trees while on approach in bad visibility.The Dakota lost height after suffering an engine failure. An emergency forced landing was carried out in which it struck a bank.A Junkers Ju-52/3m operated by Aeroflot's Turkmenistan division, crashed following the failure of the left part of the horizontal stabiliser. The aircraft on final approach to Darvaza following a flight from Darvaza to Darvaza.Flew into the side of a mountain.Damaged beyond repair.The transport plane was damaged beyond repair in an accident at Menorca Island, Spain as a result of an engine failure. The airplane operated on a flight from Marseille to Algiers.Crashed.Flew into the side of Cold Fell while descending through clouds during a night-time navigation flight.Struck Pic des Mouches, a 1011 m high mountain.Crashed as a result of an unspecified mechanical failure.The transport aircraft crashed into the ground after losing control in a cumulo-nimbus cloud.The left engine failed 15 minutes into the flight and the propeller could not be feathered. The crew decided to make an emergency landing at Sukovo Airfield (now the Solntsevo district of Moscow) but had to go around as the landing gear had not been locked down after lowering.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Damaged beyond repair in an accident.Crashed.Landing accident.The crew made an unauthorized deviation from the airway, trying to reduce distance on a 'dog-leg' of the airway. The DC-3 collided with Elk Mountain 340 feet below the crest, at an elevation approximately 180 feet below its assigned cruising altitude (11,000 feet) and 4 1/2 miles south of Airway Green 3.The Dakota lost control on landing and struck RAF Dakota KN575.Damaged beyond repair after being hit by Boeing B-17G-35-DL Fortress OY-DFE owned by DDL. Both aircraft were damaged beyond repair.The aircraft began turning at FL200 and entered a cloud. The pilot overcontrolled the airplane during a steep turn. The airplane stalled and entered a spin, slowly disintegrating.Damaged in single engine landing near NAS Pearl Harbor.Crashed in an emergency landing shortly after the takeoff.Crashed.The Dakota was approaching Takoradi in poor visibility when it hit a hut. The undercarriage was damaged and subsequently collapsed on landing.Ditched in poor weather circumstances.Ground fire.Damaged beyond repair in takeoff accident. The airplane operated on a flight from Antananarivo to Tulear with an en route stop at Belo, aka Belon'i Tsiribihina.One engine was shut down and the propeller feathered. When the second engine ran out of fuel a forced landing was carried out.The pilot lost control in bad weather and the airplane crashed near Wuhan, China.Crashed.Crashed.The Sunderland struck an uncharted coral reef; not repaired.An RCAF Douglas C-47 took off from Comox, BC on a flight to Winnipeg, MB. It last reported over Cranbrook, BC at 04:28. Weather was reported poor over the last range of mountains. The aircraft struck Mount Ptolemy 9,229 ft (2813 m).Force landed near Wake Island. Crew rescued, sank by gunfire. Just over half an hour after takeoff, a no. 1 engine nacelle fire started and spread, causing the left wing to collapse upward and backward. Control was lost and the aircraft spiralled to the ground. The engine fire was caused by the failure of fuel line of fuel line connection.Condemned, accident, no further details.The tailwheel of the Dakota was not locked as it landed at Butterworth. The airplane lost control on the runway and ran into a ditch, collapsing the main gear.The crew were lost and the Dakota ran out of fuel. A forced landing was carried out.The crew were lost and the Dakota ran out of fuel. A forced landing was carried out.The Douglas C-47 flew off course until it crashed into a hill in poor weather. There were two survivors.The Li-2 was en route between Kharkov and Moscow-Vnukovo when it ran into severe icing. The airplane was flying at a height of 400-600 metres. The resulting buffeting of the tailplane led to a part of the left stabiliser coming off 1 hour and 17 minutes into the flight. The aircraft entered a spin and broke up during the recovery manoeuvre at a height of some 150-200 metres.The crew were practicing an engine failure on takeoff. Erroneously the propeller of the wrong engine was feathered. A forced landing was carried out near RAF Blakehill Farm.The Dakota C.4 plane was reported missing. It was presumed to have lost control after entering a cumulo-nimbus cloud.The AAC.1, an Amiot-built Ju-52 transport plane, operated on a mail flight from Paris to Bordeaux with several intermediate stops.The aircraft crashed on takeoff. At least one occupant died in the accident.The runway at Semarang was wet as the Dakota landed. It ran off the runway and ended up in a ditch.The runway at Semarang was wet as the Dakota landed. It ran off the runway and ended up in a ditch.Undershot the runway.Undershot the runway.The DC-3 was high and fast on the approach after breaking through the clouds on an instrument approach to Birmingham. The aircraft touched down at the runway intersections and continued tail high off the runway. It ran through a perimeter fence and ended up in a creek.Crashed. At least one fatality.A fuel pipe blockage presumably caused both engines to fail. The aircraft was ditched in the South China Sea.Crew bailed out in poor weather.The Lodestar went missing while on approach to Vancouver. The wreckage was found September 27th, 1994 in a remote area just west of Mount Elsay on a wooded slope.Crashed after engine failureReportedly damaged beyond repair.Reportedly damaged beyond repair.The occupants bailed out after the aircraft ran out of fuel while on a delivery flight to Czechoslovakia.While on approach to runway 05, a private aircraft (a Vultee BT-13, registered NC55312 and owned by the Tuskegee Aviation Institute) landed on top of the DC-3. Both aircraft climbed from 10 feet to 150 feet because the DC-3's tail was forced down by the BT-13, and the pilot had applied power. Both aircraft crashed and burned.Damaged beyond repair in forced landing following engine problems.The Avro York plane crash-landed on its belly following 3 unsuccessful attempt to land in poor visibility conditions. The belly was split open and the fuselage broke up to the rear of the wing.Flew into a mountain in poor weather.Shortly after takeoff the airplane settled down in a cotton field.Crashed.Crashed in poor weather. The aircraft was based at Maxwell Field, Alabama.The no. 2 engine failed on takeoff just before the crew could raise the landing gear. The pilot failed to feather the propeller. The DC-3 had insufficient airspeed and headed for an obstruction. The pilot then cut both engines and ditched the plane in a lake.While practicing single engine landings, with the port engine idling, the aircraft leveled off high and power was removed from starboard eng. The aircraft dropped into the water and bounced. Power was applied to both engines after the aircraft impacted, however, the port engine failed to produce power. The aircraft crashed with the left wing down.During a flight from Sydney to Jakarta, this C-47 was struck by lightning en route over Katherine Gorge. The electric systems failed and radio and navigation equipment were no longer available. The pilot decided to carry out an emergency landing near Gimbat Station. Ground CollisionCrashed in the Ethiopian wilderness.Damaged beyond repair.Damaged beyond repair on landing.Damaged in belly landing.Crashed in mountainous terrain.Forced landed following an engine failure.Shortly after takeoff from RAF Negombo an engine failed. The York could not maintain altitude, struck trees and crashed.Flew into the a mountainside of Cerro del Padre Amaya.Sank during a gale.The landing gear did not lock down and collapsed on landing.After having been cleared to land, the DC-3 was seen approaching low and to the left of the runway. This was reported to the crew by the tower controller. A few seconds later the DC-3 struck trees at 3800 feet from the runway, crashed and burned.The Conestoga cargo plane ran into bad weather with icing conditions en route from Washington. Because visibility at Knoxville, the nearest airport, was poor, the crew decided to go back to Washington. Being low on fuel in a heavy snowstorm, the pilot attempted a forced landing. The airplane belly landed on a golf course.The Douglas C-47 transport plane impacted the side of a volcano, Mount Burangrang, killing all 26 on board. The aircraft was en route to Bandung but had drifted off course due to strong winds. Flying in adverse weather conditions the crew apparently became disoriented concerning their position until it impacted the mountainside.Crashed into Mont Moucherolle (elevation: 7493 ft / 2284 m) while on a domestic flight to Lyon and Paris.A DC-3 of Panair do Brasil (PP-PCK) was landing at Rio de Janeiro-Santos Dumont Airport, RJ (SDU) when it struck FW-200 PP-CBI which was on the runway. The FW-200 was considered damaged beyond repair.Poor visibility over the island of Ischia caused the Dakota C.4 to fly into a hill.The DC-3 passenger plane impacted the side of a mountain, some twelve minutes after takeoff from Villavicencio, Colombia. The wreckage was located on March 12, 1947.Forced landing and caught fire.Forced landed on the banks of the Lapula River. The DC-3 ended up in 2 feet of water.On a flight from Tbilisi to Moscow, the crew decided to cut the route short and overfly the main ridge of the Caucasus. The aircraft entered clouds and impacted a mountain side.Damaged beyond repair.The Dakota overshot the runway on landing, lost height and crash-landed.The Dakota overshot the runway on landing, lost height and crash-landed.Crashed in sea during a test flight after a fire erupted in one of the engines. Three Dutch and three Australian citizen died in the crash.Crashed.The aircraft was damaged in a takeoff accident.The plane crashed upon landing as the result of a sudden change in wind. The passenger died of the wounds sustained in the crash while being transported to a hospital.The aircraft crashed 8 km southeast of Frankfurt, Germany. The crew tried to land at Frankfurt Airport in fog. Fuel was exhausted when the airplane came down.Weather conditions at Kastrup airport forced the flight to divert to Malmö. Operations at Malmö were also disrupted as a result of fog, so the crew decided to return to Copenhagen. During the return a forced landing was made on the ice off the Swedish coast. The DC-3 burnt out.Weather conditions at Kastrup airport forced the flight to divert to Malmö. Operations at Malmö were also disrupted as a result of fog, so the crew decided to return to Copenhagen. During the return a forced landing was made on the ice off the Swedish coast. The DC-3 burnt out.Both engines failed and were restarted again. When they failed again, a forced landing was carried out on an abandoned army airfield.The Curtiss Commando departed Chicago for a flight to Denver. An refueling stop was made at Omaha from where it departed at 01:39 on a contact flight plan to Denver at 8,000 feet. At 04:14, the crew reported over the Watkins Fan Marker, 14 miles east of the Stapleton Airport, and requested permission to make a practice approach on the ILS, which was approved. The C-46 contacted the ground and crashed on the up-slope of a slight hill 218 feet past the middle marker antenna pole of the ILS and 3232 feet from the end of runway 21.Crashed shortly after takeoff. Inefficient maintenance on the plane was blamed. This led to a crew strike until 18 Feb. 1947.Crashed on ferry flight from NAS Seattle to CGAS Elizabeth City.Missing while en route between Singapore and Saigon in poor weather. The last reported position was 02.28 N, 104.18 E.The landing gear collapsed during a heavy landing.Landing accident.Destroyed by fire while under overhaul; sparks from a vacuum cleaner ignited petrol fumes.Crashed due to icing. There were fatalities and serious injuries as a result of the accident.The C-54, named "Ruta de Colon", crashed into the Gredos mountain range.Crashed.The aircraft diverted to Harrington because of no. 2 engine rpm reduction. The DC-3 approached downwind, overshot and struck some trees. In appeared that there were nearly 2 ounces of water in the carburetor fuel passages.Missing at sea.Flew into the Serra de Sintra while approaching Lisbon in bad weather. Crashed some 30 minutes after takeoff from Hankou.Crashed some 30 minutes after takeoff from Hankou.Damaged beyond repair at Newark Airport, NJCrashed.Damaged beyond repair.A Douglas DC-3C, PH-TCR, operated a KLM passenger service from Amsterdam, the Netherlands to Stockholm, Sweden with an en route stop at Copenhagen, Denmark. The first leg of the flight was uneventful.The C-47 had just become airborne when it rolled right and left. The bank angle increased to 40 deg as the C-47 continued in a left turn at low altitude. Level attitude was regained near the airport boundary. The aircraft then swung to the right, bounced and collided head-on with a CSA Douglas C-47 (OK-WDB).Crashed in a mountainous area.Flew into trees NAS Patuxent River, MD during landing.Crashed.Crashed.Flipped over on landing.Swung in takeoff and caught fire.The Dakota swung on takeoff, causing the wing to touch the ground. The undercarriage collapsed.An emergency landing was carried out when heavy smoke had filled the cabin while en route at 6000 feet. The aircraft was destroyed by fire.Dakota PI-C12 crashed into the 1723 feet high Mount Parker at an altitude of 1570 feet.The C-47 was parked at Croydon Airport when it was struck by an out-of-control Spencer Airways Dakota which was taking off.The DC-3 force-landed on the bank of Río Guayas after the right engine caught fire shortly after take-off from Guayaquil.Crashed.One of the wheels ran into a hole in the runway. The Dakota lost directional control and ran off the runway,.Burned out while undergoing civil conversion.The Dakota C.4 crash-landed and caught fire after an engine had lost power while the airplane was on approach to Singapore-Seletar Airport.The undercarriage was just partly down as the York landed on RAF Oakington. The landing gear collapsed on touchdown.Crashed following a failure of the no. 2 engine.An in-flight fire in the no. 2 engine forced the crew to ditch the plane.Against standard company procedure the flight continued direct to Winston-Salem instead of via the Greensboro range. A let-down was started without definitely establishing the position of the aircraft in relation to the Winston-Salem radio station. The DC-3 flew into the ground in rugged country 63 miles NW of Winston-Salem at an altitude of about 2500 feet.While operating on a scheduled service from London to West Africa via Bordeaux, France, the aircraft crashed into high ground while flying in level attitude in bad visibility. The flight was advised to land at Lympne after being unable to land at Bordeaux or Le Bourget.Written off.During the second attempt to land in poor weather, the aircraft aligned with a taxiway. During the go around the aircraft overshot the runway into a wooded area.Crashed.Damaged beyond repair after it flew into the snowy mountain slope of Mont Ventoux at a height of about 1800 m.Struck a concrete marker while approaching runway 22R at low altitude. The DC-4 slewed around and caught fire.Arriving near Washington, the aircraft had to hold because of 2 emergencies. "Flagship San Antonio" then continued to Baltimore and held there for 75 mins. also because of some emergencies of other flights. The crew decided to try Philadelphia instead. They were not able to use the Philadelphia radio dang however due to static interference. The flight continued north-eastward with weather conditions worsening. With 30 minutes of fuel left an emergency landing was decided upon. A belly landing was carried out on a beach. The aircraft was salvaged and sold as scrap.Crashed into a mountain. The airplane operated on a domestic service from Shanghai to Beijing via Qingdao.Crashed into the Rio Solimões extension of the Amazon River.The DC-3 departed Miami at 14:00 for a flight to Raleigh and Newark. Arriving near Raleigh, weather appeared to be below minimums. The flight then headed for Washington and arrived overhead at 19:38. Heavy traffic and two low-fuel emergencies caused the crew to decide to head for Milville, NJ which was just 30 minutes away. They had a one hour fuel reserve at that moment. At 20:00 the Milville communications station ceased operation. Philadelphia tried to contact the flight, but was not able to due to heavy static interference. When the DC-3 passed over the unlighted field at 1000 feet the airport manager turned on the beacon boundary and runway lights. Because of heavy snowfall, this was not noted by the crew. Near fuel exhaustion forced the crew to carry out an emergency landing. While maneuvering to find a suitable location, the aircraft struck trees and crashed. The airplane was repaired and later sold to Brazil.Ground looped on landing.